Planetside Sipping Challenge

Author: Pondera

*000*2019-04-04 01:26

So, recently, I attempted my first omorashi challenge since I finally figured out how Twitch and OBS worked, and opted for an older game that I'd been playing for years: Planetside 2. To describe this game.... it's death. Poke your head out too far? Sniper. Walking down the empty road? Run over by a tank. Bonus points if it's from your own team. Air travel? By the time you hear the drone of an enemy fighter, he's already locked onto you. Battles over bases are hectic displays of colorful violence with people screaming, guns firing, and respawns are dealt out like LSD candy at Halloween. So, in my infinite genius, I decided I'd take a sip from my yeti with every death.

Now, a little disclaimer here. If you hadn't played Planetside 2 before, I would advise at least reading over the wiki a little bit. I tried to explain things as best as I could, but I really didn't want to get too bogged down in the details. You all know what you're here for anyway. For this challenge, I'd worn a black T-shirt with a moon design on the front, black shorts that I like to work out in, and high-cut panties that are my “expendables”. Get them 5 for $24, so if they end up staining despite my best efforts, I can just toss them and not be any worse off.

It didn't take me too terribly long to realize that I was a very very stupid little Vanu. I went into this challenge already in a state of thirst, and started doing my thing. The events in the game weren't exactly important. I mean, they're always the same. Run to this base, kill everyone not in spandex, try not to die to opportunistic sniper fire, move along to the next fight. At first, things were proceeding well enough. I racked up 5 or 6 kills, and was starting to get a little pissed off at how long this taking. By the time I finally went down the first time, I thought to myself “FINALLY. Something to drink!”

It only took me about an hour of dying and sipping to realize that this was a BIG mistake. My bladder was untrained, and I'd never really been what I consider good at this game. My need began when I was at kill #30 out of the 75 I'd set for myself, with a roughly equal amount of deaths and mouthful sized sips, and realized I'd needed to speed things along. The game offers the Magrider tank, a big floating upside-down bathtub of a main battle tank that looks a lot like some of the stuff out of Halo, and the MAX, Mechanical Augmented eXoskeleton, for 450 nanites each.

Nanites regen at 50 every minute, so I could yoink one of these once every 9 minutes, assuming I used no other grenades or costly equipment. Whoever added these to planetside should get a life saving medal. They saved me and my entire family from a cataclysmic bladder explosion that would have cratered my home. They let me take risky moves and accumulate multiple kill chains without dying myself and needing to take another drink. And even if my tank was about to explode (much like I would be), I could just hop out and hopefully escape with the burning wreck giving me some cover.

The main limiting factor wasn't my killing ability. That was being complemented by my good friends in chat who were kind enough to instruct me to drink after every death. The thing that was slowing me down is that the battles were ending too quickly. There just wasn't enough fight to go around, and I wasn't dropping enemies as fast as my ailing bladder needed me to. The fact that the join combat option kept dropping me into the same near deserted bases didn't help much either. I know from my experiences on chat that, once my Yeti is empty, it's only a matter of time before I reach my breaking point. Consuming more than that just makes me reach that point faster, and my kidneys were rapidly switching into high gear.

It was right after my Magrider blew up rather suddenly from a tank mine that I never saw that the first damages occurred. The shock had forced out a little jet of warmth from me, and had to squeeze and press at myself to stabilize. Begged those in chat, specifically my good friend, Biku, who kind of fills the role of Arbiter at these events, for reprieve. Surely, pushing me this far was good enough, wasn't it? I mean, I was still only at kill #52 out of 75 but I was doing worlds better than the typical player! But... the answer was no. I was ordered to sip to mourn the loss of my floaty tank and press on. Without any nanites for another MAX or a tank of any variety. Which meant more deaths... more drinking.

Back to the crusade. I was getting by on pure killer instinct at this point. I stopped seeing them as faceless enemies, but people standing in my way for relief. They were laughing at me, trying to slow me down, trying to make me fail.... and it made me hate them for it! Every bullet shot my way, every grenade rolled at my feet would inch me closer to my demise if I didn't see it in time. It was around here that prime-time kicked off in the game with the population at its nightly highest, and I truly came into my stride. Chat had made the comment that I was like John Wick during the nightclub scene where all my enemies could do is run for their lives. Pon Wick! Flattery was had ^_^

Unfortunately, it was right about then that I had a major, cataclysmic breech. Pressure struck me all at once like a New Conglomerate armored battalion, and crashed through my defenses. I jammed my hands between my legs so quickly that it skidded my mouse forward and left my POV pointing at the sky. Piss poured over my fingers. The shorts pressed between my legs turned wet and shiny. I thought, for certain, that this was the end.

This was where my challenge was going to fail, and was thankful that I'd set up towels beforehand. It would have been so easy to just give up right then, and yield to the pain in my belly, and the pressure bearing down.... but I don't give up so easily. With a prayer to Saril in my mind, I managed to wrest control back, even if, for those five seconds, the relief felt AMAZING... and, after wiping my wet hands off on my shirt, put them back on the mouse and keyboard for more. Only 15 left. I'd done that in a single battle before. I could do this. I was going to WIN!!!

(A zillion thankies to my good friend, Biku, who drew this artist's depiction of me during that phase. That was the worst accidental leak I'd ever suffered without bursting like a broken water main after, and he captured it PERFECTLY)

It's an absolute bitch trying to play a game with your legs crossed that tight. Your posture is awful, which throws off the whole ergonomics situation, but it had to be done. If I weakened, even slightly, it was going to be all over. I mean that both as a metaphor for failure and a literal descriptor. I fought and struggled, and forced my way through the ranks of the Terran Republic when they were trying to take this dinky little base in southern Indar that'd probably just get taken in an hour when I left anyway, but for right now, it was not going to be their property. And after all was shot, blown apart, and left in ruins, my total kill count....was 74.

FUCKING WHAT?!?! No way. They HAD to let me go after that. This wasn't fair, I was at the brink of brinks. It was impossible....but Biku did not relent. I only had one to go, and there was a battle in the north I could pop right over to before I popped completely. Truly...my fans are of the purest evil sometimes. T_T I suffer for my art and my faith.

I arrived, spawning into a Sunderer mobile spawn point, and then.... my savior. I was convinced that this man, who I never even got to know his name, was sent by Saril himself. He pulled up next to me in a Harasser Jeep and used a voice prompt to tell me to get on the gun. I heard angels sing. His jeep was equipped with a Saron laser turret, which I have mounted on one of my magrider variants. 6 shots, heavy armor damage, and you can fan the trigger to fire all of them within a second. A GOOD weapon, but it was one I could use with my right hand on the mouse and my left buried between my legs, pressing in to contain this ocean that was threatening to burst out of me.

You ever have those moments in games where you're going through an ice world and feel physically cold? I was feeling that with this guy's driving. Harassers are agile, speedy, and can get a lot of places that people think that they can't. This driver opted to take his over a set of mountains to flank a New Conglomerate sunderer position. This meant bumps. LOTS of bumps. All of which I could feel, by the way. When he crested over a mountain and caught a good 4 seconds of air time, the landing nearly made me leak again. I was so close though...

We found that sunderer position, and I hit it with pure concentrated murder. It felt like every reload of that gun took an hour, but a sunderer blew up....with nobody in it. FFFFFFFFFFUCK!!!! According to chat, didn't count. I made the attempt at profanity here, but really just ended up banging my fist on the keyboard a few times in anguish and hitting enter.

Thats when I saw him. A NewCom light assault with a jetpack, landing in the sands nearby. My stat tracker would tell me that his name is Fizzleboom. Appropriate. I leapt out of that Harasser and probably looked absolutely terrifying and/or totally psychotic. My luxury of using a hand to hold myself was over and all I had to do was just get this guy to die for me. I open fired, heard a few bullets plunk off his helmet. He turned to face me, fighting to defend himself. If he killed me then, I might as well have just pissed myself on the spot. But, I saw him pitch forward after 3 shots to his center of mass. At last! The deed was done! I finished! Before his corpse could even hit the sand, I was bolting from my chair. The bathroom was feet away and every second counted.

I couldn't sprint and get my clothes out of the way at the same time, so I just split the difference. I fwumped onto the toilet, pushed my shorts and underwear out of the line of fire and just let nature have her way with me. I can't really put the feeling into words, but I'm going to go with blissful. Time had no meaning. The soaked clothes against my legs were irrelevant. All that mattered is that I had completed my first omo-challenge, and could savor this. The pressure and pain were no more. Only pleasure, happiness, and relief. Honestly, after fighting my bladder for 2 hours, and maintaining that much mental focus, I was 110% done. I could have fallen asleep on that toilet. But chat would wonder what had happened to me, so I cleaned up as best as I could, tossed my wet clothes into the sink with a few drops of shampoo so they wouldn't stain, and hobbled my way back to celebrate my triumph.

Beyond that, there's not much more to tell. I shut down the game for the night and just fwumped into bed after a quick rinsing shower. This was an EXTREMELY fun experience and honestly, I think I did the best I'd ever done on planetside that night. Had over a 1.0 k/d ratio, which is fucking amazing. The average player sports only a 0.85. I'll likely be doing something like this again on my twitch channel, so be sure to follow PonderaSips if you enjoyed this kind of content

Edit: My good friend Biku has produced ANOTHER fantastic piece of art for the occasion! I'm now indebted by one Bikubuck, so I'm due for another challenge very soon. He is like the iron bank. One way or another, he always gets his gold.

*005*2019-04-08 03:45

{{On 4/5/2019 at 8:01 PM, CaptainCranberry said:

Dude I love Planetside 2

}}

Which faction do you play as? If the answer isn't Vanu, and you run around on Connery server, odds are good that I shot you at some point. Sorry...

