Victoria's Nightmare Night Out

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2022-04-08 08:58

I have written two previous stories about an ex of mine (Victoria) being utterly desperate to pee - once on a long walk and another in a taxi home from a night out. You can read them on this site if you want to. I've been saving this story since because it involved Victoria being more desperate and humiliated than ever. This story involves the 24 year old absolutely frantically desperate for a wee - and I will share it all with you now.

Those of you that read the previous stories may recall Victoria was really pee shy. In the four years I had been with her, the only two times she admitted she was desperate was those I had already told. She never admitted being desperate, and would never squat somewhere in public to relieve herself. Instead Victoria would keep quiet, silently holding on to her full bladders until she found a loo. The older she got the more her bladder strength seemed to grow. It had been several years since those bursting experiences of Victoria as an undergraduate student had occured. Locked as a distant (but awesome) memory, I often wondered whether Victoria would ever be frantically desperate to pee in public again.

......

The year was 2018. I was going out with a couple of friends who Victoria had not met before. She had said how she wanted to make a good first impression in front of them. Victoria dressed up for the occasion, she looked absolutely incredible upon arrival to 'pre-drinks'. A floaty black dress with no bra on underneath, her nipples visible through the silky material. Her long brown hair curled down her back. The hot summer time meant Victoria's long legs were on show. As soon as Victoria arrived she introduced herself to my friends, keen to make a good impression - making conversations with everyone with plenty of smiles and laughter. After a little while Victoria excused herself, she asked if she could use a bedroom mirror to do her make-up for the night. She also asked where the toilet was, with both a little embarrassment and urgency in her voice.

............

Opening the toilet door, Victoria hurried into the bathroom inside. The tube journey had been a nightmare and she had been needing a wee so very badly for ages. She wanted to go as soon as she arrived, but Victoria was too shy to excuse herself immediately. Not wanting to appear rude, she thought it was best to have spent some time introducing herself to the strangers she was about to spend the night with. Oh how she hated speaking out and asking where the loo was, but Victoria knew her body was at the point where she was struggling to hide her growing desperation.

Checking the bathroom door was locked, Victoria hurried over to the toilet. Hitching up her skirt and swiftly sliding her panties down to her knees, Victoria crashed onto the loo and let out a torrent of wee that she has been holding for over an hour. Relief at last.

Pulling up her silky polkadot thong, Victoria checked herself out in the mirror. Her trimmed pubes and hot pussy were semi-visible through her see-through underwear. Turning 180 degrees, Victoria also checked her perky ass out in the mirror, her plump ass cheeks filling out her skimpy underwear.

Victoria felt sexy and was looking forward to her big night out.

........

Predrinks were in full flow. Many beer cans had been drunk - not least by Victoria who was tipsy and clearly enjoying socialising with my friends. Taxis had been booked and were arriving in 15 minutes to take us to the club. A last minute frenzy to get all our belongings together, and I was putting on my shoes. That is when I looked up and noticed Victoria patiently waiting for the bathroom to be free.

"Come on everyone the taxis are outside. Let's hurry up and leave" one of my friend called out to us.

4 friends, Victoria and myself all rapidly left the house, locked up, and entered the taxi. I had very quickly come to realise that there was no way in that small window of time that Victoria had been able to use the bathroom she was queuing for. My heart raced with excitement slightly. It was entirely possible that Victoria was desperate for a wee but too shy to admit it to a group of strangers, not wanting to make a nuisance of herself.

10 minutes later and my suspicions grew somewhat. I noticed Victoria's legs were somewhat unnaturally pressed close together, and suddenly she asked everyone how long was left to arrival at the club.

"Not long left - maybe 10 more minutes max"

I noticed Victoria grimace slightly and reposition herself in the taxi seat, crossing her long legs and circling her ankles slightly. I was now fairly sure that Victoria was needing a wee, i couldn't remember when she has last used the loo and predrinks, but potentially multiple cans of beer were now hitting her bladder. As we approached the club, Victoria had both hands discretely rubbing at her knees, her legs crossed tightly together and her eyes focussed on the road. Since being told the club was 10 minutes away I had noticed Victoria check her watch a couple of times, presumably counting down the time until she could leave taxi and use the ladies toilet. Victoria's eyes widened suddenly, we had arrived at the club, and she had seen a long winding queue.

....................

We paid the taxi driver and all joined the back of the queue. Victoria hadn't said anything but I wondered what she was thinking. We were stood in the queue for 15 minutes and we had not made much progress, I knew that if the queue continued to move at this rate it would be an absolute age before we entered the club. As time ticked on, Victoria was showing no further signs of desperation, she seemed fairly relaxed, and was still conversing with my friends in seemingly good spirits. I wondered whether I had misjudged Victoria's need, perhaps she was just feeling travel sick in the taxi and was keen to get out for that reason. Maybe her need to wee was stable and not causing Victoria any real distress.

That was until my friend Rebecca spoke out. "Guys I don't know about you but I'm absolutely dying for a wee and this queue is not moving fast enough". This was clearly the catalyst Victoria needed.

Victoria spoke up - "OMG same same, thought it was just me, but I totally should have gone before we got in the taxi"

Having now admitted her need, Victoria began to pee dance a little on the spot, her legs kinked together and bent over slightly. I know how mortified Victoria would have been to admit she was desperate to a group of strangers. Her need to wee must be serious!!

"Victoria how desperate are you? Do you think you can wait for this queue to end, because Im really keen to go and find somewhere I can pee", Rebecca stated with a visible shudder, clearly struggling with her own desperate need.

Victoria replied with so much relief and urgency - I was shocked!

"That would be amazing! Can I come with you! To be honest I'm totally bursting haha and was going to have to say something similar soon but didn't want to be a nuisance - but there's absolutely no way I can wait here unless the queue seriously hurries up".

My heart raced at such a desperate admission from Victoria, I had never once heard her tell anyone but me she needed a wee - let alone a group of total strangers. Rebecca told Victoria of a pub nearby, checking the direction on her phone.

"Just 5 minutes away let's hurry! Can you guys keep our place in the queue"

I witnessed Rebecca and Victoria rush off, both clearly gasping for a wee. I imagined the relief Victoria was soon to witness, knowing in as little as five minutes she would be gushing her urgent piss loudly into a toilet.

15 minutes later and a visibly relieved looking Rebecca rejoined the queue. This was followed by Victoria who's face was etched in anxiety and bent over at the hips slightly.

"Better?" a friend asked. Better for me Rebecca stated, but Victoria didn't get to go. My heart raced, my cock now hard in my boxers. Victoria whispered to me - this is a nightmare, Im utterly bursting.

End of part one. Part two coming

*002*2022-04-08 22:38

Victoria got up immediately as soon as she heard the taxis were due. In all the excitement of socialising with new friends Victoria had been putting off emptying her bladder which had slowly been filling as she drank her cans of beer. Standing up, Victoria walked to the bathroom and tried the handle.

Locked. Someone was already inside, Victoria could hear them relieving themselves loudly into the loo. A slight twinge on anxiety rose in Victoria mind, hearing someone else peeing made her realise she could really do with going. "Come on, hurry up, hurry up" Victoria's inner monologue uttered to herself.

Come on everyone the taxis are outside. Let's hurry up and leave"

VIctoria was stuck in two minds upon hearing the utterings of this. Do I risk causing a delay by having a quick pee? It was oh so tempting, but Victoria didn't want to cause a scene and cause her new group of friends to be late. It would be okay, Victoria reassured herself, she could wait until they arrived at the club and just relieve herself then. Victoria took one nervous glance back at the bathroom before grabbing her shoes and coat and headed to join the other in the taxis.

..........

Victoria gave a subtle glance to her watch, the last 20 minutes had felt like an an hour. The 25 year old was really feeling the consequence of drinking the beers earlier - with liquid now racing into her ever filling bladder. There was no doubt about it, Victoria could no longer ignore the fact that for the second time today she was really in need of a wee. Not long now and I'll be able to go into the club and find a loo, Victoria thought to herself in an attempt to try and calm her ever tensing body. Crossing her legs a little bit tighter, Victoria was grateful for the physical block her thick thighs provided against her tiny but stressed pussy. God I'm getting desperate, Victoria thought to herself as she approached the club....only to be greeted by a huge queue of people snaking round the venue's entrance.

.....................

Joining the back of the queue, Victoria was feeling anxious. It had been ages since she had needed to pee quite this this badly. But Victoria knew the protocol, try and ignore her need until she could get into a restroom. Victoria had been in these situations countless times, without ever having to draw attention to her plight. She was determined to do the same again now, particularly as Victoria was trying to make a good impression to her boyfriends social circle. Victoria stood still with her legs tightly pressed together, and tried to distract herself by chatting to her new acquaintances.

20 minutes later and Victoria was not feeling so calm about the situation. She couldn't believe that the queue had barely moved, and her need to pee had increased so very much in that time. This was getting serious very quickly as an ocean of wee pressed downwards against Victoria toned body. Victoria was still just about keeping it together, trying as hard as she could to not draw attention to the fact she urgently needed a wee. "It was such a mistake to have not gone back at the house". The fact Victoria knew it was probably going to be at least an hour to get in to the club was a torturous thought, particularly given how pressing her need was currently.

10 further minutes and Victoria felt broken. She longed to slam her hands against her pussy and pee dance. Anything to help distract her from this miserable hold. It had now been 90 minutes since Victoria's last piss, and she had drunk 3 cans of beer since then. All of that liquid had now hit her bladder, which if one looked closely was visibly protruding out of Victoria's skimpy dress, held tightly by the waist band of her silky pants. Victoria was going to have to say something, not because she was about to wet herself necessarily but that the idea of waiting another 45 minutes was unbearable and potentially impossible without having an accident. Blushing, Victoria prepared herself to tell everyone she needed the loo asap.

Guys I don't know about you but I'm absolutely dying for a wee and this queue is not moving fast enough".

Victoria could have lept for joy. She was not alone in this plight. Realising Rebecca was also needing a wee gave Victoria a a sudden burst of confidence, and perhaps with the lingering affects of alcohol Victoria blurted

"OMG same same, thought it was just me, but I totally should have gone before we got in the taxi"

.............

5 minutes later and Victoria and Rebecca were heading to the pub, both so eager to piss they were barely taking to one another. Instead, Rebecca was power walking along the streets of London with a huge sense of urgency. Both girls had not gone to the loo before entering the taxi and were now seriously paying the price. Victoria shuddered as she saw the pub destination ahead, fantasising about the much needed piss she was about to unleash over a loo. Rebecca hurried ahead, only to be greeted with the following sign

PUB CLOSES AT 11:00PM.

Rebecca gasped loudly upon reading the news. In a state of shock a thick jet of clear urine fired out of the 26 year olds fanny, drenching her red thong. Crossing her legs and bending over at the waist, Rebecca looked wide eyed at Victoria.

"I'm going to wet myself omg"

Victoria wasn't fairing much better. Seeing the news that the pub was shut was absolutely devastating for the tortured 25 year old, who's body was now screaming for relief. The next couple of minutes were a blur for both girls.

Both of them instinctively headed straight into the nearest alley, lead by the older Rebecca who had already leaked so violently into her underwear. As soon as they were out of sight from the main road, Rebecca pulled her sopping thong from between her legs and crouched down. Not even bothering to disguise her relief, a thick hissing stream instantly flew out of the Rebecca's exhausted pussy. Rebecca's eyes rolled into the back of her head, accompanied by an orgasmic moan in a pure blissful moment of relief. Embarrassed, Victoria had tried to turn away and give Rebecca some privacy but it had all happened so fast. Victoria had seen this relative strangers shaved pussy pissing, a sound that was making her hyper aware of her own need, making it 10x worse. Victoria was pee dancing urgently now, not even bothering to be discrete. She was utterly desperate for the loo and was craving the same relief she had just witnessed in Rebecca.

Victoria knew she had to squat in public for the first time in her life, it was useless to pretend otherwise. She was such too desperate to care. Victoria barely waited for Rebecca to be finished before hitching up her skirt and giving a brief flash of her still just about dry polkadot knickers.

Just as Victoria was about to squat low and pull her underwear to one side, a group of guys walked past the entrance to the alleyway. Victoria froze, mortified that her hairy fanny was about to have gone on show. With a feeling analogous to stage fright, Victoria straightened her back and rose to her feet. Her opportunity had passed, Rebecca had just got a text to say the others were almost at the front of the queue and they should come back immediately if they want to be let in.

Flustered, and ultimately denied relief, Victoria and a relieved Rebecca hurried back to rejoin the others and her boyfriend. As Victoria rejoined the queue, she knew her body language gave away the fact she was in complete distress. She had to tell her boyfriend ...

"this is a nightmare, Im utterly bursting"

..............

Victoria was absolutely dying for a piss and relief was still not imminent.

Part 3 coming soon

*007*2022-04-09 09:08

Thank you for the feedback. Always nice to hear and keeps me motivated to keep writing. This is the final Victoria story.

*008*2022-04-09 16:50

By the time Victoria had got back in the queue and told me she was bursting to pee, I was witnessing a side to my long term girlfriend that I had never seen before. Gone was the girl who was always so shy about needing to pee, who had always tried to hide her desperation for the loo from everyone. Victoria was clearly GASPING for the loo, her body constantly bobbing up and down, her legs crossing from one foot to another every 5 seconds. It would have been clear to everyone in the queue that Victoria, an attractive 25 year old adult, was on the edge of a full blown accident.

"I've NEVER been this desperate" Victoria said to me nervously, looking at me with complete and utter panic in her eyes. Her expression was clearly longing for me to have a solution to her predicament. Victoria was no longer talking to my friends, her red face and clear embarrassment about the situation she found herself in meaning Victoria was just hanging back with me, ignoring everyone else around her.

"Whats taking so long, I just need to get in this fucking club now I'm so fucking bursting for a wee!!"

I had never seen Victoria so animated. She never swore. But now Victoria was shouting out of frustration, dying to be let into the club. Victoria was rocking back and forth on the balls of her feet, with plenty of heavy breathing. Shortly after her angry outburst, I saw Victoria move her hand and press hard into her crotch. It lasted only the briefest of seconds, before Victoria's hand pulled away and she continued to furiously pee dance. I could not believe what I was seeing. Victoria, someone usually so pee shy, was having to hold onto to her little pussy because she was so desperate to wee. Victoria crossed her legs tightly, almost throwing herself off balance, her dress hugged the outline of her body, and I could see the most enormous bladder bulge I had ever seen. The only thing around harder than her bladder was my throbbing cock.

...........

We had been just over an hour in the queue. Victoria had been bursting for a wee for 90 minutesI

At this point I was fully expecting that at any minute my girlfriend was going to wet herself in full view of hundreds of club-goers.

........

Victoria suddenly left the queue and walked up to the bouncer ahead of us. We were so close to the front and I had definitely expected to be in now. What was the slow down caused by? I could hear Victoria pleading with the bouncer - not able to make out everything she was saying though I heard to words "please" and "urgent" cut through the noisy queue.

Victoria came back to me and said the venue was operating a one in one out policy as they had reached maximum capacity. As she said this I recognised Victoria voice wobble, she was on the edge of tears and I had no idea what to do for the best.

"I'm about to wet myself - I need to find an alley or something IMMEDIATELY. Victoria whimpered to me, stressing the immediately in that sentence.

I knew we had to leave the queue right then, Victoria looked like she was about to blow. An accident in an alley would be better than one in front of hundreds of people. Just as I grabbed Victoria sweaty hand and was about to lead her away from the club, a female stranger in the queue caught both of our attention. She had clearly both recognised and sympathised with Victoria's plight, and pulled out a medium sized red plastic cup from her handbag before handing it to Victoria.

End of part 3. Final part to be uploaded soon.

*010*2022-04-10 10:54

The last few minutes had been a complete rollercoaster for myself. As you would understand, having this fetish means seeing genuine pee desperation in person is incredibly exciting. When Victoria returned from the bouncer, who had denied her entry to use the bathroom, I couldn't take my eyes off her tense shaking body and agonising facial expression. It was such a turn on.

However, I did notice another friend of mine, Abigail, turn and listen with keen interest when Victoria was explaining that the club had just introduced a one in one out policy. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Abi's legs shake in response to hearing that we were not about to be let in to the club. Was she also desperate I thought to myself?

Back to Victoria. My girlfriend was clearly on the verge of wetting herself. She could not stay still, her legs constantly moving, her thighs tightly slapping into eachother. When she told me she was about to wet herself I was hardly surprised. I knew we had to leave the queue and I had started looking around for alleys in which Victoria could have a second attempt to squat in and end her torment. Scanning the area I couldn't see any though. I was feeling some second hand stress of Victoria - her extreme panic spilling over into my subconsciousness.

Thats when the stranger handed Victoria the cup. I couldn't believe it. What a nice person. I could see Victoria eyes light up, was she having the same thought as I was? I readied myself to see Victoria place the cup up her skirt, pull her underwear to one side discretely and hiss desperate wee into it. There was no doubt in my mind that Victoria was absolutely prepared to do that to end her desperate torment. Was she going to be able to stop in time? Would she moan in relief? I was both extremely turned on and deep down pleased Victoria was about to be able to wee, particularly after waiting for such a long time.

..............

"Hey are you okay to hold this cup for me for a sec, I think it's time to pour myself another drink" the stranger said. "This queue is taking so long, at this rate I'll be sober by the time we get in". The stranger took a hip flask containing what smelt like gin in and poured some into the cup before asking another friend to top her up with lemonade.

............

I was shocked at the event just witnessed. Both myself and Victoria were so sure that the stranger was offering a cup for Victoria to relieve herself in. The look of dismay in Victoria's eyes when she found out that this was not the case. Not for the first time that evening Victoria had been denied the relief she so badly craved.

.........

Abigail shortly joined us. She approached the situation very rationally. "Look guys, I can't lie, I really need to use the loo. I would have come to squat with you guys but, without meaning to overshare, it's the type of need where squatting simply isn't an option. I can't keep waiting here to be let in and by the looks of it neither can Victoria here. I've just asked the bouncer if there are any public loos nearby, ideally clean ones and there are some 5 minutes away so I suggest accepting defeat, finding these loos, and then trying to find somewhere else we can go"

Everyone agreed, frustrated at the situation but knowing getting into the club may have been a lost cause. We set off immediately. Victoria stated to me instantly

"I'm not sure I can even wait 5 minutes, I'll give it a go if we pass an alley would you come and shelter me while I squat. I'll do anything at this point, even if some people see, lol, I just HAVE to wee asap. It's so so urgent, you have no idea"

..........

The walk felt like an eternity for Victoria, who had clearly been nervously scanning the streets on route for a quiet alley to piss in. But there was nowhere. We were following the lead of Abigail who was seemingly taking us down the busiest roads in London, full of party goers.

"Almost there" Abigail shouted from the front, picking up the pace.

We walked up a flight of stairs. Victoria was slightly ahead of me and as she ascended them I got a great view of her sexy ass, tightly hugged by her tiny silky underwear. As I looked, fantasising about the absolute state Victoria's pussy must be in underneath her panties, I suddenly saw a long trickle of clear urine erupt from Victoria's pant and snake down her ass cheeks and both inner highs.

She's leaked, I thought to myself. It was a mesmerising sight. I could have had an orgasm on the spot, such was my arousal.

Victoria came to a halt, and turning to face me planted both hands into her crotch, furiously massaging her wet pussy in the busy streets, and instinctively looked down, trying to inspect the damage.

Victoria was bright red. She was full on panicking and she was clearly in the verge of tears. She looked at me and dispairingly and said "I can't do this, it's coming out". She carried on a bit longer, enough to see the toilets at the other end a street. But our little hold up meant we could see Abigail rushing ahead and entering what was clearly just a single female cubicle. Even if Victoria could walk across to the toilet, she would have been greeted with a locked door.

Seeing the door close was seemingly the last straw for Victoria.

HSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

It's an unmistakable sound. It was followed by the splashing of hot desperate urine on the street. Another, much longer leak erupted between Victoria's crotch. I thought she was going to fully let go, but instead Victoria sprinted over to the loos, the whole time her hands buried between her legs. I saw her enter the men's toilets, leaving me standing in complete arousal next to a sizable pool of hot wee that had just escaped Victorias sexy body.

It was as close to an accident as I imagine I'll ever see. The second leak was so violent I have no idea how Victoria ever regained composure and made it to the loo without fully wetting herself, even if she had to deal with the motifying consequences of entering the men's and having to very publically hold herself during the final sprint for relief. No doubt her pants were wet for the rest of the night. To this day I'm still not quite sure what kind of impression Victoria gave to my friends that night, but she definitely left an impression on me.

Thanks for reading!

*014*2022-04-13 13:17

{{16 hours ago, Videlzzzy said:

I undoubtedly enjoyed the story, but it is my least favorite of the Victoria stories. I'm going to get hate for this, but the way you decided to tell certain parts of the story make it seem like a work of fiction. I'm not going as far as to say that the story is fake (even though I want to), but there are definitely hints here and there that suggest that the writer took some liberties with the story telling. Unless Victoria co-wrote the story with you, which I doubt since she's an ex, how would you know the small details, such as Victoria checking herself out in the mirror after her first relief, or that Rebecca was wearing a red thong or that she moaned in relief in the alley since you weren't there?

Perhaps a stranger did bring a flask and a cup to drink while waiting in line that day, but did they actually interact with Victoria, or did you just think it would be a nice addition to the story to escalate Victoria's predicament? Also the continuity errors, like saying Victoria is 24 years old at the beginning and later saying she is 25, doesn't help with the writer's credibility, even if it's only a minor mistake. The ending seemed a little abrupt, it would have been nice to know how the rest of the night went and whether there were more notable instances of desperation. Like WiiGuy mentioned earlier this thread, I would also like to know whether Victoria discussed her experience afterwards with you, allowing you to have more insight as to what happened when you weren't around, that would make the writer's account of the events more plausible.

I didn't mean to write an essay about a forum post, I just wanted to give my opinion. I don't mean any disrespect to the author either, since it's still an enjoyable story. I just wonder how much we can stretch the truth to a story before it's considered fiction. Or maybe I'm out of the loop and most everything posted on here is fake and I'm taking it too seriously. Maybe its like WWE where obviously it's fake but everyone knows that but we go along with it and enjoy it. In that case I broke kayfabe and worked myself into a shoot and I'm sorry.

}}

All feedback is welcome and I'm glad you at least enjoyed other Victoria stories, naturally though I wish to defend a couple of points you bring up.

Firstly the accusation that the story is largely fake. This is simply not true. I write fiction all the time and upload it on the fiction side of the forum, so would have no issue with doing so if that was the case. Naturally, given the nature of this fetish forum, certain aspects were embellished. I could have told the story in a straighter fashion, but would that have been as fun?

I think 80% of the story is true, and the remaining 20% is me filling in the gaps. I believe that warrants it's place as an "experience" rather than a work of fiction.

Of course there are elements of the story I wrote with a bit of artistic license, but was informed by info I was later told, particularly given what Victoria told me afterwards regarding what happened in the alley. Someone in the queue absolutely did ask Victoria to hold on to the cup, and it was only many days afterwards that she joked that all she could think of was to grab it and use it to pee into. I thought that was worthy of incorporating into the story.

But at the end of the day I'm not here to defend the "realness" of the event. Only I know the answer to that. This is a great forum, primarily meant for fun - that's what I use it for, and in the hope other people enjoy my work too.

