Pissing into jar

Author: Princesspantys

*000*2021-09-05 08:31

So this is my first post on here I’ve been lurking for awhile but finally found the courage to post something here

So just for reference: I’m an 18 year old brunette, 5’6. I still live with my parents. I’ve had occasional problems with wetting before. I haven’t bed wet in a long time, but lately…I’ve been having trouble holding. Going to class every day, I can barely hold it through each lecture, and oftentimes leak into my panties on the way to the restroom. Yesterday, I barely made it to the toilet in time; I honestly thought all my classmates would see me walking down the hall with soaking wet jeans.

But I managed!!! I only pissed a little into my panties….thank god. But other times, I’m not so lucky. Especially when I’m running!! There was one time I was jogging and nearly had a full blown accident on the trail and had to pee dance on my way to the bathroom. Thankfully, I was wearing a thong and black spandex, so the damage was manageable. But when I’m walking, I leak a lot. Usually when I get home from school or from walking somewhere, my panties are at least a little wet, but it’s usually okay.

When I’m playing tho…it’s kinda hard

I'm a sensitive girl, and the minute I touch my clit, I usually end up spurting into my own hands on accident. I can usually get it under control before I pee the bed, but it’s embarrassing to say the least. Today, I wasn’t as lucky. I was reading erotica today by myself and was stroking my clit. I was so wet I couldn’t wait any longer; I didn’t even have the patience to take off my panties first. I had forgotten this slight problem of mine until I touched my clit, and I could feel my hole flutter. I immediately backed off, squeezing my legs together to hold back the leak. I managed just barely, and decided to keep reading without touching myself. I decided I could wait until after the story to finger my self.

Unfortunately, I sneezed in the middle of reading and felt a BIG spurt leak out of me. I freezed and closed my phone, just then noticing how desperate I was to go potty. Drops of pee were still escaping me, and my tiny bladder honestly couldn’t take much more abuse. My panties were soaked through the crotch while I tried and failed to resist a few more squirts, and my blankets got a little wet :(((

I panicked.

If my mom saw me up this late, she’d probably know what I was doing, and that was a situation I was seriously trying to avoid. So I stood up on shaking legs and tried not to pee myself all over the carpet. I looked through my hamper for some dirty towels and threw them down on the floor….my mom doesn’t look through my room (thankfully) or else she might have noticed something was off. On my desk, I use mason jars as pencil holders, and one night - when I was too desperate to get out of bed without pissing myself - I pissed into one of the jars to avoid the embarrassment of wetting my pants.

I was hoping I was above it, but there weren’t any other options. I kneeled on the towel, struggling to get my panties off before they got any wetter, and pushed the jar between my legs. The position put some pressure on my bladder, and my pussy immediately started gushing. I was so wet and warm from how turned on I was, and the relief that coursed through me was unimaginable. I spilled some on my hands, and pee splashed off the rim and ran down my legs. I was pissing so hard I was a little worried the jar wouldn’t be able to hold it all, but I was worried for nothing.

I’ve just finished as I’m typing this. I didn’t bother cleaning up, so my pussy is probably getting my quilt a little wet, but I’m so happy I really can’t care. I’m holding again. Let’s see if the jae can take anymore

