Oops.

Author: peedmypants

*000*2023-09-10 13:04

First photo is the end result of an intentional hold. Second photo is what I woke up to this morning.

&&

&&

&&

*003*2023-09-10 13:21

{{3 minutes ago, OldWetGuy said:

Oops, yes. But did you get to enjoy it?

}}

The first one yes, the second one was enjoyable until it started getting cold lol. It's been a while since I've let myself intentionally go this much in bed.

{{3 minutes ago, Dirtyswags said:

That's one big puddle!!! Nice wet spot. 😋 Nice ink work by the way... It would be hard to get out of bed waking like that.

}}

Thanks! It was easy to get out of bed when I laid back down after taking the second photo. It was way less enjoyable with an old, cold puddle vs the fresh warm one I made upon waking up.

*005*2023-09-10 13:45

{{18 minutes ago, Dirtyswags said:

That is true, gotta keep it warm, But nevertheless better start to the day than mine.... I had to work. 😒

}}

Unfortunate. Hopefully you can have some fun on the drive home or this evening.

&&

*008*2023-09-11 15:22

{{2 hours ago, Dirtyswags said:

Just a small aftermath from yesterday.

}}

How good did the release feel?

*010*2023-09-11 18:03

{{1 hour ago, Dirtyswags said:

Quite good honestly, feels like I just melted the day works away. My black dickies socks were soaked among with my work pants. Felt the need to go before i left work ,so I drank two of my travel bubba cup mugs full of water and made home to enjoy this delightful feeling. 😊 How's your day starting?

}}

Can't complain yet but it's early lol. I'm looking forward to getting to my car and seeing if we'll continue the pattern lol. My last three shifts, when I got to my car, I wet myself while unlocking it. It's urge incontinence and I have it all the time but it's way harder to hold at my car and at home. At work I get small leaks. In a familiar/safe environment I gush until it runs down my legs.

*012*2023-09-11 18:50

{{18 minutes ago, Dirtyswags said:

Do you use pads at work or something more than that? Is this something you have come to enjoy or just a way of managing your urge incontinence?

}}

I use pads at work, yes. When I first became urge incontinent it wasn't fun since I was 1) heavily pregnant and 2) didn't have any clue how to manage it or know what it was. Now it's a fun little game to play. Where will I be? Will I be able to breathe through it and stop? Will it be a trickle, a gush, or a flood? Will I even be able to get up or will it happen when I'm feeding my baby or putting him to sleep and I'll just have to sit in it?

*014*2023-09-11 22:30

{{25 minutes ago, Dirtyswags said:

That's pretty inspiring.... Definitely seeing the brightside of what some would view as negatively. What led you to this site if you don't mind?

}}

I learned the word omorashi lol. I've been into desperation and wetting since before I knew they were sexual but would always search the term "desperation". One day I saw the tag "omo", went down the rabbit hole and came out here. I lurked for a long time before joining.

*018*2023-09-13 00:32

{{1 hour ago, Dirtyswags said:

Same here, and I glad I'm starting to open up

}}

I'm glad I found it too. Also glad you're opening up, it's so worth it.

