Just had quite an accident at work! :( (male)

Author: Piddly

*000*2019-06-15 16:24

OK so I've been lucky until now, never ever had any kind of accident as an adult. Yes I've done all sorts on purpose, but always managed to stay in control and avoid any potential embarrassment. Until this afternoon.

I've always had exceptional control and even when shakingly desperate I've never even dribbled in my pants. Obviously this went to my head and I've pushed it too far, in work of all places too.

Haven't had the chance to pee since I got into work this morning, it's just been one of those days. Only 3 of us in and non-stop busy, but as I said my control has never ever let me down before so I just kept putting it off. What's the worst that could happen, eh? Well, about 10 mins or so ago the worst was that I was stood serving a customer and I sprung a leak. It was only perhaps a a fraction of a second, but I peed and it shook me! That wasn't supposed to happen, not to me and most definitely not here. Despite the waiting queue of customers, I was faced with no option put to drop everything and sprint to the loo, red faced and with my hand firmly grabbing my damp crotch.

Typical cliche time, we are only a small shop with a single toilet, and as I got there it was occupied. I hadn't paid attention to who was in the back as I dashed through, only interested in preventing a major accident so I wasn't sure who was behind that locked door, but could only hope it wasn't the young attractive Saturday girl who would see me in this predicament.

I stood writhing around for a minute or two, leaking more and really starting to panic. I realised too that if I let go of my crotch to open my fly then it would be game over, that pressure was all that was preventing a trickle from becoming a flood. So I decided that the only option was to unfasten my belt and button, and then pull everything down in one go whilst simultaneously sitting to pee, once I finally got in there.

You guessed it, after having no choice but to knock and plead for them to hurry up, almost crying by this point, the door was opened by the last person I wanted to see me like this. Jeans open, hand planted in my crotch no doubt with a telltale damp patch shadowing it, and by now a real tear or two trickling down my cheeks. She was embarrassed, but that was nothing to how I felt at that second!

I quite rudely pushed my way past and slammed the door shut, stood with my back to the toilet and attempted to pull pants and jeans down together whilst letting go of my hold. It inevitably went pear-shaped, argh. For a second I was stood in shock, jeans around my ankles and pissing full pelt through my underpants straight down into them. With little alternative and to hopefully help minimise the damage, all I could do was sit down with my pants still up to at least direct the flow into the toilet.

Now I'm sat here in my shame, absolutely saturated and stained undies and with somewhat soggy jeans too. Why did I wear light blue jeans today? And how on earth am I going to go out there and face the world? And my colleagues?

Oh how I wish I had a change of clothes with me. I can't very well ask the Saturday girl I've got a crush on to go and buy me new pants

I've taken a couple of photos, as I figured somebody here may get some pleasure from this mess. Going to have to man up and face the music in a moment I suppose..

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*001*2019-06-16 09:38

Well, faced with little alternative because there was a knock on the bathroom door after about 15 mins asking if I was OK because a long line had formed in the shop, I brazened it out by heading back to my post complete with damp jeans and soaked undies.

There was no bin in the bathroom and I couldn't very well walk out holding pissy pants, so I did something I hadn't since I was about 10 years old... I towelled off my underwear and then pulled my jeans back up over the top. No doubt in better circumstances this would have felt amazing, but all I could think was yuck! This probably wasn't helped at all by the fact I hadn't peed all day, and barely drank, so it was strong smelling wee too. I must have absolutely stunk yesterday afternoon.

When the Saturday girl came to my area at the front of the shop, she definitely took a long look at my soggy jeans with a disgusted look on her fqce, and didn't quite disguise the snigger either.

By the end of my shift everything was sticky, clammy and uncomfortable. Jeans over the top of soaked pants wasn't a wise move, and left a very telling damp spot on my bum too. I headed home still feeling shaken, disgusted with myself and absolutely mortified by what had happened. When I got to the bathroom at home, I did try to save something deom the mess by deliberately wetting my pants again sat on the toilet, but none of the usual lovely feelings accompanied it. I still felt dirty and ashamed, so stripped down and dived into a hot bath to wash away my shame.

I abandoned the went undies on the bathroom floor, couldn't face dealing with them last night or this morning. Part of me wants to see what the stains are like when I get home, maybe slip them back on, but the bubbling embarrassment is still there and they may just get sorted.

I LOVE wetting on my terms, but not like that!

