Car accident

Author: peedmypants

*000*2023-09-08 18:51

One of my biggest fantasies is getting stuck in traffic and wetting myself in the car out of desperation. I'll typically stop using the toilet around 2 hours before my shift ends but I've always made it home and at least to the front door before starting to leak.

Yesterday I followed my usual "no urination after 4pm" rule and added in a couple large iced teas in addition to my normal water intake. I was about a 6/10 by the end of shift and an 8/10 when I got off the shuttle at the parking lot. I had a wonderful surprise leak while unlocking my car, it shot out fairly forcefully and actually ran down my thigh dampening my pants leg. This was a wonderful omen of things to come. I put some potty pads down on my seat (I have a small child and a geriatric dog so we have potty pads stashed everywhere) and climbed in.

As I was enjoying my 9/10 desperation, squirming in my seat, contemplating letting a little leak through just to be able to enjoy my wet panties for the drive, traffic came to a complete stop. Emergency vehicles with lights and sirens were approaching from behind and the sign that normally conveys a drive time now said "freeway closed, major accident". I had no idea how long it would take for traffic to start moving and I had just passed the last exit ramp for about 4 miles, so I cranked up the AC and the music and focused on my very swollen bladder.

It didn't take long, maybe another 10 minutes of not moving for me to realize this was it, I was finally about to have an accident in my car. I clenched, danced, squirmed, held myself, the whole nine yards trying to keep it in as long as possible. I drank more water. Traffic was still stopped when I felt the first drops squeeze past my clenched urethra. Drops turned to a small trickle, which progressed to a steady stream, all while I tried to hold it together just a little longer. Traffic started moving finally and as I put the car in gear and moved my foot from the break to the gas, it happened. Everything released, I had zero control. The potty pads didn't stand a chance against the torrent of pee that was rushing out of me. My scrub pants were soaked front, back, and inner legs. It was coming out so fast it began to pool in the front while still in my pants leaving the bottom of my shirt wet.

It was the best release of my omo adventures thus far and I got to spend the rest of the drive in my nice warm puddle. I filled up again pretty quickly and intentionally rewet myself. This happened about every 15 minutes until I got off the freeway. It was absolutely glorious. I thought I couldn't get any more turned on but when I got home my husband was working in the driveway. He came up as I got out of the car and told me to go pee (my urge/latchkey incontinence has him trained), looked at my clothes, and said "guess it's too late". He cleaned my car for me while I showered. I was playing with myself in the shower when he came in told me to finish while sucking him off, which I happily did.

I'm going to try to do the same thing on tonight's drive home but I'll be in a diaper this time as cleaning that much urine out of my upholstered seats was not fun.

*002*2023-09-08 22:21

{{3 hours ago, Dirtyswags said:

One of my biggest fantasy too!! I used to work on cars for a living, I found it was the easiest to remove the seat and cushion to clean up after an accident. I did partake in this just before the holiday weekend after a drive back from dropping my boat off. Glad your really enjoying it and your other half as well.

}}

Thanks! It was even better than I imagined it would be. I'm sure my husband has the tools to remove the seat and I could probably look up a YouTube video and figure it out but I think I'll just double the potty pads today. I've had a gallon of water in the last 6 hours and just started on my 2nd 44oz iced tea of the hour. I won't be able to recreate yesterday but I can still have fun.

*004*2023-09-09 01:17

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

You write of somr amazing pee adventures. I like how you deliberately let more pee out into your already soaked pants. I have done that myself.

}}

It's a great feeling, isn't it?

