My desperate morning (WARNING NUDITY)

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-11-25 07:26

Last night I woke up at about 2am, absolutely desperate for a wee. I was wearing my white pyjama shorts and grey singlet top. It was a very warm night and my fan was on, the sound of it made me fall back to sleep. I forgot about my desperation as in my dreams I floated in the ocean, without a worry in the world. In my dream I began to notice I had to go to the bathroom, and since I was in the ocean I decided to just let it go.

This is when I woke up with a jump, my panties were warm and damp and stuck to the inside of my thighs and my vagina, it felt so good having the warm wet material between my thighs, but I hadn't planned for a bed wetting, and so far none of it was on my bed, so I knew I had to get up and go to the potty... But I decided to have some fun.

I decided to hold it in my bed until I leaked again, I knew it wouldn't be long but I was getting aroused laying there in my wet pj bottoms. I began to rub the large wet spot between my thighs but soon enough I was dribbling into my panties. I quickly got up and rushed to the toilet where I let my pee flow for about 30 seconds. This gave me enough relief to hold on for another 10 minutes. (As seen in picture 1)

As the urged to piss began to creep up on me again, I stood in the shower in order to feel my flow run down my legs and onto my feet. The warm pee felt Soo good as it flowed over the lower half of my body I couldn't help touching myself.

Here are the pics (BE WARNED NUDITY) I also have a vid if anyone wants to see I charge a small fee 🤭🤭

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2019-11-25 08:58

{{37 minutes ago, WetNick88 said:

Ooh, those pics are lovely! Especially number three with the trickle down your thigh. Mmmm that must have felt good!

Funnily enough your experience was about the same time as mine which I posted in your topic Wet grey....

}}

I KNOW I READ THAT AND I WAS LIKE WTF THIS JUST HAPPENED

*005*2019-11-25 13:01

{{2 hours ago, Red Simpson said:

I loved reading that, just the fact it started from a dream and almost resulted in bed wetting that's such a turn on, plus i love pic 2 just you trying to hold back the flood, again one massive turn on

}}

Thank you 💓💓

{{1 hour ago, wetskipants said:

Wow, what a photoset. Particularly love the second and third shots.

}}

Ooo thanku 💓

