Exploding E-cig battery leads to burned leg and wet pants!

Author: Piddly

*000*2021-12-01 21:42

This was a totally unexpected sighting, but I imagine MUCH more of a shock to the poor victim of the accident (in both senses of the word!).

Woman in probably her mid 50’s shopping in a local supermarket, had an electronic cigarette in her pocket. It seems the battery on the device has leaked/overheated and ultimately exploded, causing quite a loud bang, some smoke and flames, some burns to the poor woman’s leg and, most unfortunately for her to lose control of her bladder and pee in her jeans.

She was very shaken up by the explosion and burns, and mortified by her accident bless her.

Being a small community, an update has been posted on our local social media group and the good news is she has no lasting injuries and will make a full recovery. A photo was also shared, as the woman and her family want to raid awareness of the dangers of such devices. The photo shows the accident, however I wasn’t sure where I stood with sharing it here without specific consent? It is already in the public domain, and doesn’t show her face, but I thought I should ask before posting it…

*002*2021-12-02 20:14

Oh to hell with it, it’s easier to ask for forgiveness than permission I suppose. (although I did report my own post for Admin to take a look…so apologies, please remove if not considered appropriate).

@Wetsy

IMAGE REMOVED BY STAFF

*008*2022-01-03 00:32

Now that I can post again, I just wanted to apologise for this thread, which was a serious error of judgement, and in particular to @KozmoFox and @Kyuu

I assure you all my intent was sincere, and no offence was intended to either the staff here, other members or the poor unfortunate lady involved. My understanding of what was and wasn’t acceptable was clearly wrong, no excuses.

Lessons learned, and my apologies again.

