Six Flags Sighting

Author: pianoboo

*000*2016-07-29 00:50

Witnessed a full wetting today and thought I'd share! I was at six flags today. Rather than going to the main theme park, my friend and I opted to go to the water park, as the temperature was extremely hot. It seems as though everyone else had the same idea that day, and the lines were insanely long. To ride one of the tall slides, the line was almost an hour and a half. As my friend and I were standing there, I overheard a girl directly in front of us telling her friend that she really really needed to pee, and she hoped the lines would start moving faster. She was around 5 feet, with a slender body and was wearing a high waist bikini that made her ass look fantastic. Before any comments, yes, she was DEFINITELY of age. She was at least 21, as she was holding a beer that she had bought in the park.

At this point, we had only been in the line for about ten minutes, and she could have easily gone and used the restroom, and gotten back in the line with her friend. Luckily for me, she didn't. As the line continued on, I forgot about her entirely, and was gossiping with my friend. By my guess, we were about halfway through the line, so we had about forty five minutes left to wait, when I heard the girl telling her friend that she was starting to get very uncomfortable, and wished she had just gone before it was too late to get out of the line. The way the lines are set up, there are railings and concrete barriers in a maze guiding people to the entrance of the slides.

Of course, hearing her say that piqued my interest, and while I still conversed with my friend, I kept one eye on the girl in front of us. After another 10 or 15 minutes, she was constantly fidgeting, and was hunched over with her legs pressed together very tightly. She was no longer trying to carry on a conversation with her friend, and her friend was teasing her about wetting herself like a kid. At this, the girl clenched her teeth and said "hey, you know I haven't pissed myself since I was like four." Her friend eased up a bit on her teasing, and the waiting continued. We were about 20 minutes away from the slide, when the girl suddenly grabbed at her crotch frantically and I heard her hiss "oh shit"

Now, the bikini that she was wearing was a light grey color, and when she suddenly jammed her hands into her crotch, I could see a tiny dark patch form at her ass. I knew she didn't have much longer, and I really wanted to watch, so I nudged my friend and pointed to the girl in front of us, giggling a bit. I knew my friend would want to watch this too, as she tends to be the kind of person who thinks that the misfortune of other people is quite funny. So, while we neared the front of the lines, we both focused on the now desperate girl in front of us.

The girl was now constantly bobbing up and down, both of her hands firmly embedded in her crotch. She no longer cared who saw this indecency, and she was no longer listening to her friend who had resumed her teasing. She was whispering to herself "you can make it, you can make it" and I could tell that she was using every last ounce of her concentration on holding it in. Every couple of minutes, I could see the wet spot growing in size as she leaked more and more. It was now about the size of a softball, and slowly creeping up her ass. The style of the bikini she was wearing was allowing her leaked spurts of pee to creep upward toward her waist, rather than dripping down her legs. By this point, we were only minutes away from the slides. The girl's friend had finally realized how bad her situation was, and was encouraging her to hold it just a few minutes longer, until she was in the water.

But her encouragements were in vain. Just as the people in front of her took their turn, the damn burst. Pee ran out of her for at least two minutes, creating a massive puddle around her. Her hands were still buried in her crotch, but not to any purpose. Her high waisted bikini bottoms were soaked all the way up, and it wasn't stopping. The ride attendant, a middle aged lady, stared in shock while it happened, as did several other amusement park guests. Finally, after what seemed like ages, her flow stopped. She was crying softly, and couldn't look up at the attendant. The attendant simply said "next" and pointed the soaked, crying girl onto the trapdoor of the slide, mumbling to herself that she didn't get paid enough, and that the water would wash the girl right off.

All in all, it was one of the best wettings I have ever personally witnessed.

*004*2016-07-30 00:22

@homeanddry

I thought it was perfect as well! It definitely ticked all my omo boxes, and even one that I didn't know I had, the "omg, look at it creeping up her waist" box

*009*2016-08-04 00:09

{{5 hours ago, satyr said:

Big difference between deliberately peeing in a discreet manner and completely losing it in front of a bunch of people. I mean you don't just sit down in the middle of a queue to pee where people have to step over your puddle. The girl was humiliated by losing it like a little girl in front of a bunch of people, not because peeing in swimwear is inherently a big deal.

Super hot story, by the way. I do wonder how people can pee for two minutes... I don't think I've ever peed for that long and I have a rather large bladder. Average adult bladder holds like 500-600 ml, shouldn't take two minutes to empty out that surely? Or maybe my sense of time is a bit off. It's not like I've ever pissed with a stopwatch in one hand.

}}

I think she peed for so long because of how desperately she was trying to stop it. It wasn't a full-force fire-hose type piss, it was very slow haha

