My First Caberet, A Wet Trip Home

Author: PrincelyDesire

*000*2019-03-24 09:45

[[It has been a long, long time since I wrote a story here. A note I have had a few drinks and it is late when I write this~ I apologize if this is shorter.]]

Description: I am a non-binary FtM transgender persons, post-op for all surgeries (metoidioplasty, and I am willing to educate and answer questions in DM's). I am thin, pale, and currently sporting short thick bleached hair. I have eyebrow piercings, septum, both nostrils, cheeks, snakebites, and a vertical labret. I suppose I am alternative, goth. I like to wear fitted clothing. I have to go a size up in pants because of my bubble butt!

Storytime...

Last night, I went to my first ever caberat, drag show at my one and only local queer/gay bar. I will only mention this briefly, but wow it was amazing and I met my idol there, I hugged them and almost cried ahha. For the night, I wore: high waisted skinny black pants, black heels, and not shirt save for my thin black harness, a spiked choker, and chains on my face. It was A Look (TM). I did rapid shots before I left, as I needed to pre-drink and was in a rush. I got there, had a drink on the house from my friends (as they had gotten me a VIP pass). While there, I essentially played with rapid desperation. Because I was constantly drinking water and being bought drinks, and I had already "broken the seal", I had to keep fleeing to the washroom. To summarize that part of the night - it was the most fun I had had in a very long time, and I do dearly miss dancing.

On my way home, I had to wait for fifteen minutes for the bus, and it was only a two minute walk to the bus. It has been warming up, very suddenly and very much so, so I needed only wear my light jacket. But I could feel the cool crisp air wrapping around me, making my bladder throb against the triple buttons of my high-waisted pants. It occurred to me then that I definitely needed to use the washroom, that I definitely should have taken a pee before I left. But I thought...it had been so long since I got to be in public and play like this. Honestly, if ever at all. I enjoyed the feeling of my swollen bladder against those buttons, to feel that urine press against my urethra. I almost thought I might leak.

At last, my bus showed up, but not without a bit of squirming on my part - though I tried to shrug this off as the night of a young persons and the cold. I sat in the back of the bus, nearly vacant, and I made sure my jacket was above my waist. It was a fifteen minute bus ride. I held my legs tightly together, but soon I needed to keep my thighs just as tight. But I wanted to do my best to seem as normal and as calm as possible in public - I wasn't all the way at the back you see, and I was definitely a noticeable goth persons. So I held my composure. I could feel my piss press forward, and my bladder spasmed. Ten minutes from home, and I felt a couple of drops slip out - I bit my lip. The warmth was so tempting, and I wanted to let go then and there. But I knew I could not, not when I had so much further to go, not when I was just noticeable enough.

Five minutes from home, and I felt a wave hit hard. I tried to tighten my thighs hard, but I was so determined, so set to act normal. It made my bladder shudder fiercely, and I looked out the window with a pain in my eyes. PSSSHHHH. I spurted, but I didn't simply leak and spurt, I spurted hard. I could feel it rush from out and soak my very inner thighs. Two seconds, maybe three, and I was so wet and so warm. I closed my eyes and fended off the temptation to let go more, I knew if I did, it would be unstoppable. I held back a moan and sat still, trying to hold it back and not grind out of...temptation.

At last, my bus pulled to my stop. I was quivering as I disembarked, letting out my breath harshly. I crossed the street briskly, and entered the alley that opened to the streets to my home. As I did, I felt another rush hit me. PSSHH. Shorter, but hotter and harder, I could feel it reach halfway down my thighs. But, oh, my bladder was still so full. It ached and pleaded against my tight pants - but there was not wait to undo any of the buttons on the street. I had to pause a couple of times, to take deep breaths, clench my fists, and shiver through the waves that wracked my body.

I was stumbling a bit as I approached my home, drops leaking out more and more. I looked up with a panic as I approached my side gate to see the upstairs' room mates' lights on, I live in the basement suite you see. I couldn't simply soak myself behind that gate. A wave hit me, I gripped myself and the gate and mewled, gasping as the wave passed. But luckily, the fence is high and I have all kinds of bushes and such in my yard. Hurriedly, I moved behind one of such bushes, out of sight of the windows. I squatted...

With a muffled moan, my bladder exploded. It hissed loudly as I formed a puddle beneath me rapidly. I pissed for so long, and even surprised myself - it's amazing what the bladder can endure under influences. My eyes rolled back as I felt the heat around my crotch spread and fall. I wanted so badly to more then...but that would be for inside...

