On the roof, at work, feeling naughty

Author: pamaclay

*000*2012-06-02 01:53

This was the day they were going to resurface the parking lot where I work, and repaint the lines. I knew I had to leave a few minutes early, so I could park down the street and walk, but I had stayed up late, and couldn't yank myself out of bed before the usual time. Rushing, I didn't go and pee when I first got up, or in the shower like I sometimes do, or even before I ran out the door. This isn't very unusual for me these days. I used to always make a point of peeing before work, so I could avoid having to use the restroom there if possible (I can sometimes hold it for 8 hours or more, if I don't drink too much), but I've been enjoying the occasional pre-coffee-break desperation. On this day, my hurry masked any messages that might have been coming from my bladder.

I'd been sitting at my desk for about an hour, busily engaged in my usual hodgepodge of morning activities, when my boss walked up and asked me if I could take some photographs of the parking lot before the crew got there, in case they did something wrong, and we needed a record of how things had been before. I have no official job description. I do everything there that no one else knows how to do, and my boss appreciates having someone around who is as comfortable jimmying open a locked file cabinet as she is filling in a spreadsheet. I got my camera out of the bottom drawer of my desk, and started thinking how this job would best be accomplished. From the roof, of course! I hadn't ever been up there before, and it sounded like an adventure climbing up the steel ladder into the dark expanse that loomed above if one looked upward while digging for something in the janitor's storage closet.

I was wearing a small dark red skirt and a white blouse. No pockets. I hung the camera by its lanyard around my left elbow, and ventured forth into the closet. I reached for the little ball chain that turned on the light, and wondered who had chosen such a low wattage bulb. The ladder disappeared into the dark void. I knew I had a flashlight in my desk, but there was no extra hand to hold it with, so up I went, hoping there weren't spiders. Here's where you learn that although I do occasionally show signs of intelligence, there are times when I need my head examined. Why had I worn my peep-toe black pumps on a day when I knew I'd be running a block and a half down broken sidewalks to get to work on time?

I felt like I was in a scene from a bad action adventure movie, but I struggled upward and eventually got to the top, not before musing that one of my male coworkers would enter the closet and look up to see what was going on. My modest side said that shouldn't happen, but secretly I thought it would be fun to have my thighs and panties stuck in some guy's brain all day, as he tried to focus on work. No one could have seen anything anyway, as dark as it was, but that didn't stop me from toying with the idea.

It was surprisingly warm at the top of the ladder. I guess all the heat from the office collects up there. I felt around for some way to open the hatch, and my fingers found a T shaped handle, which turned with some effort, and then the hatch opened with a bang and a puff of dust. It had a spring that made it pop up part way by itself. I dragged myself up onto the roof, and felt the cool breeze. Ooh. My bladder was awake after all. My legs snapped together quickly, as I got a sharp reminder that I hadn't peed yet. To try to make the wave pass, I looked around at all the things on the roof. The hatch had a matching T handle on the outside, and a little latch thingie that would lock it. I thought that was weird, and that it should be on the inside, to keep people from coming in, but for some reason the naughty part of me instantly thought about what one could do up on the roof with the hatch safely locked behind…

There was a giant rectangular thing that I assumed was the air conditioning unit which would fail once a year during the hottest days of summer. It looked ancient. My heels were not made for walking on roofing material, and I decided that I had better be careful not to poke holes anywhere, so I walked very gingerly toward the edge, where there was a facade wall that came up to just above waist level on me. It kept me from feeling nervous as I peered downward from four stories up. I put my hands on the top of it and leaned out just a bit. My bladder didn't like that, and let me know for the second time that I hadn't peed since around 2AM. Ok. Ok. I'll get the photos done, and then we'll take care of this. I snapped about four shots, and watched a coworker walk out to his car. He had undoubtedly just been chewed out for parking in the lot today, and someone must have said something about me being on the roof, because he turned and waved.

One of my knees wiggled a little. I winced, thinking about the trip back down the ladder with a full bladder. Dumb girl. I really did have to pee. Then a delicious thought came to me. I realized that I could stand there and pee behind the facade without anyone having a clue what I was doing. It was only a few feet back to the hatch to lock it. My pulse quickened. Little sounds, like the crunch of my heels on the sandy grit of the roof suddenly seemed crisp and almost sensual. I made my way back to the edge, and pulled up the front of my skirt to remind myself which panties I had chosen while in my rush to get ready for work.

Good, they were the black nylon ones. They wouldn't stain. I kept the front of my skirt hiked up a bit, and started taking pictures with my other hand, but without any particular care for what was in them. I relaxed and felt the heat in the bottom of my bladder start to drop down between my legs. Was I really going to do this? Yes I was. I was letting go. There was the tingle of the first bit of pee pushing past my weary valve. A little squirt, and then my instincts functioned beyond my control and shut it fast. "No," they said, "You are not supposed to pee with your panties still on… or standing… or on the roof… or…"

"Oh, shut UP!" I snapped back, actually letting the words come out of my mouth in a half whisper. I was talking to my body. I rolled my eyes at myself and my disobedient bladder. Ugh.

I took a breath and tried to relax again. I thought I could feel the dampness from that first tiny squirt. I half closed my eyes and let everything around me fade into a dull murmur. A gust of wind went up my skirt and kissed the wet spot on my panties. Oh god. I trembled and let everything go limp inside me. This time, it was more forceful in heading south. A rush went up through me as I sensed myself opening up, and when I felt the warm pee licking up around my parts and filling every bit of my panties that wasn't tight against my skin, I shivered and almost dropped the camera.

Then the sound of it hitting the dirty roofing tar reached my ears. Yes. I figured that I would need to let it go hard, so it would push straight through my panties and not go running down my legs, so I pulled my skirt up higher yet. I bore down on my bladder, and the stream ripped out of me, almost hurting. There was no way I could actually even fake taking pictures while this was going on. That arm drooped. My face would have betrayed me if anyone had looked.

I had to spread my legs wider, because pee was splashing up and hitting my thighs, and I didn't want to back off on the flow. I hadn't felt that desperate beforehand, but it was clear that I was pretty full. There was something about the cold air around my legs, the fact that I was doing this in such a weird place, where someone could partially see me, and the pulsating of the hot pee in my panties reminding me that I was doing something bad. Very wonderfully bad. It all combined to make me shake and almost lose the strength in my legs. Then I heard someone banging on the inside of the hatch. Oh shit! I wasn't done! I looked down and saw the long sudsy puddle wiggling its way over toward a drain. No WAY am I letting someone come up here and see that!

Finally, the flow petered out. I was breathing like I'd just had an orgasm. I hoped that I had taken useful enough shots of the parking lot already. I teetered over toward that hatch, and tried to slow my breath, then opened it with trepidation. It was my boss. I tried my best not to look like someone shivering with arousal. He asked me to come down and look at a printer. He backed down the ladder a few rungs, and then paused, looking up with a stupid grin on his face. "Was it fun up there?" I just smiled. Startled by accidental appropriateness of his words, there wasn't one syllable of answer I could find in my head.

He stared upward for a few seconds, and when I said "Umm…" as I swung one of my legs into the opening, he apparently realized that the view up my skirt would be next. His look turned sheepish, and he dutifully descended. I wouldn't have minded giving him a show. He's a bit older than I am, and I've been known to shop slightly out of my age range, but in this case, I was honestly afraid that my panties might drip on him, and then what would I say?!? I went straight for the coffee machine when I reached the floor. The printer could wait for a minute, and my first order of business was to make sure that I'd be nice and full by the time I was heading home for the day. I was formulating plans for that first moment I'd be alone in my room, if you know what I mean, and they would be more fun if I was squirming…

*002*2012-06-02 05:05

Thank you! It was almost as fun to write as it was to do, as I got to kinda relive it. Alas, in my panic, the thought of snapping the stream didn't cross my mind. A fine idea it would have been, though, with my camera right there in my hand! Someday I'll get over my shyness of photographing myself, I hope.

*005*2012-06-03 07:54

{{ 

That was a really great story! I betcha that would be an experience you would never forget! >//<

Thanks for sharing~

}}

It's seared into my memory in vivid detail! :D Thanks!

I wish I knew when/where my next adventure will be...

{{ 

Pam, you're very naughty. Should I spank you?

}}

You know I deserve it. I was a very very bad girl. How many swats did that earn me?

*007*2012-06-04 08:04

{{ 

Nice! You know how to have fun with yourself beyond the level most people do, and you are a far braver person than I.

I tip my hat to you, good lady!

*tips hat*

}}

I love your most gentlemanly way of complimenting me for doing a most unladylike thing... Thank you, kind sir!

*blushes*

*010*2012-06-04 20:09

{{ 

Another great story. Though I wouldn't have minded if your boss showed up earlier, leaving you being stuck even more desperate than before. ;)

}}

Serious desperation makes the real magic for me, even when fear starts to enter my mind, at the prospect of possibly losing control in front of someone, but that helps me hold on, I think. When I'm really alone, I like to take it all the way to the ultimate end, fighting it out even after some would consider it too late, and the damage done.

{{ 

Prob'ly at least a hundred.

}}

I have been duly punished. Is it ok that I kinda enjoyed that part too?

*012*2012-06-05 21:35

{{ 

Suppose I wet my pants in school and the teacher punishes me by making me take off my clothes in front of the class and put on clothe diapers and clear plastic pants, and to dress that way in class from now on. Is it OK if I enjoy that punishment? (Just a wild fantasy.....)

}}

You seem to be much more drawn to humiliation than I am. Everyone is so different here. I love that about this place. Yes, enjoy your punishment. Now stop being such a bad boy! ;-)

