Complete and Total Panty Wetting

Author: PattyWets

*000*2024-04-16 17:40

I was sitting in my kitchen wearing only panties and a tee. They were very boring panties, full-cut briefs that went to my navel, microfiber and beige in color. I needed to pee, and I wondered if I could wet every stich of my undies without peeing in the tub and plashing around in the puddle (which has it's own merits 😀).

I strted to go as I was sitting on the kitchen stool, that took care of the bottom and the gussett. I then took of my tee and laid on my back on the floor, and I peed in that position until I could feel the warmth on my lower back. I thought it would be cheating to roll over in the puddle, so I moved to a new spot and laid on my tummy. I went again until I could feel it hit my navel. That left one dry spot on each hip so I moved again and laid on my left side and peed until it felt warm and wet. I then did the same thing on my right.

I then got up and inspected my work. The undies were as wet as if I had been belly-button deep in a pool of pee 🙂. I still had to go so I used my step stool to help me climb up on the counter and emptied myself into the sink through my undies.

I decide I wanted to wear the panties until they completely dried. I put on a new top, a crop this time to keep it out of the pee and went about doing housework. Which of course included mopping the kitchen 🤪. I did work inside and a little outside for most of the afternoon, eventually my undies dried.

I then decided to put on a short skirt and a blouse and went out to dinner at a local bar and grill, where I sat at the bar. I had no idea if there was any odor, since I had been around the undies all afternoon. This is as close as I would ever come to bringing a stranger into my kink. I slept in those undies that night and finally changed in the morning before I went out to shop.

*004*2024-04-17 21:17

That was a little over a week ago. I'm ready for a new challenge. Ive got some boyshort undies with about a 3" inseam. I think I'll try those.

*005*2024-04-20 18:23

These are my next challenge

&&

&&

&&

*010*2024-05-02 21:00

Here's an update finally. These ones took a lot more pee. I had to "reload" to get the hips. I did in on the patio this time to make clean-up easier. (Which means waiting for rain to wash it off). Any more ideas for me?

&&

&&

