A wet train trip

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-11-23 04:11

Okay, so this is really crazy, ever since I've joined this sight I've been seeing desperate people everywhere, it's actually super weird as I've never seen anybody that's truly desperate irl before (other then myself)

So today I decided to catch the train to see my family, petrol is too expensive at the moment and I don't get paid until next week. I get on the train and sit down behind a group of women, probably around the age of 25-35. They're chatting about work and kids and whatever else when suddenly one of them says that's she really has to go to the bathroom, and about four of the others agree with her. One of the younger girls state "I do have to pee but I haven't had kids so I can hold it all day" and then rest laugh, when one of the older women states "I get the need to go so quickly, it's like if I don't go right as the urge comes I'll pee myself" which gets a few nods of agreement from the other women. They decide since they're only 5 stops away that they can hold it... They couldn't.

After one stop one of the older women proclaimed that she was going to the bathroom on the train (even if it was gross and unsanitary) and one of the other women went with her. From my position on the train I could see the bathroom, and I could also see that it was occupied, as the 'locked' sign was lit up. The two women approached, with the one who was very desperate holding her crotch over her white jeans. They pushed and pushed on the open button when another women who was waiting informed them that she thought the toilet was broken.

They slowly walked back to their seats and gradually kept squirming and attempting to hold themselves. As the train pulled up to their stop they all got up and walked to the door, and three of them were very desperate, they were waddling rather then walking properly in an attempt to avoid humiliating themselves and ruining their outfits. As they walked up the aisle towards the door with their backs facing me I couldn't help but notice (as it was VERY noticeable) the giant wet, yellow stain on the pants of the women who was grabbing her crotch earlier... It's safe to say she wasn't that desperate anymore...

