Four days’ worth of mess

Author: peeying

*000*2023-09-16 20:32

Hi everyone! I’ve been a relatively long-time lurker on this site, on the Omorashi side at least, and while I don’t particularly enjoy messing content (i.e. I don’t get off on it), I thought you guys may enjoy my recent account of a completely involuntary and unplanned messing. I’m relatively new to posting here despite having been an avid forum reader for years, so do excuse my amateur-esque use of language in creative writing and using some help from ChatGPT!

I would also like to preface this by saying that I’m not sure whether this belongs in the right thread as I do not look at messing content here, so please let me know if there is a more suitable one I can post it to 🙂

Mandatory physical description: I’m an eighteen year-old Chinese girl (Shanghainese) and I’m 157 cm tall, 39 kilograms heavy. I won’t go into much detail on my appearance (feel free to request more details if you’d like) but I have black wavy hair that reaches just slightly below my ribs. I’m quite pale and I wear very light Korean-inspired school makeup. In this incident, I was wearing my university’s volleyball libero t-shirt (due credits to my height, for preventing me from playing an offensive role) which was white with navy blue detailing, as well as a pair of black FBT shorts.

With aching muscles and a unison of groans, arms and legs dotted with bruises akin, my team and I cleaned up after a long training session of blocking, receiving, and the likes. With the rhythmic swish of our brooms came the growls from our stomach, and we collectively made plans to dine at a nearby Korean barbecue place.

I’ve always had particularly a strong stomach. However, I’m really not the best or most patient chef out there, and oftentimes while having self-cooked barbecues, I end up consuming undercooked food which is, as we all know, a potent laxative for most.

To add on, I don’t defecate very often, probably about once every two to four days, sometimes even a week. Hence, when I need to go, I need to go, bad - which can make things really inconvenient. This had probably been four days since my last poop, so in hindsight, I should have seen this coming from miles and taken the necessary precautions.

Laughing gaily with my friends over my (undercooked) food, discussing about the newest campus gossip and chatting about the latest volleyball news, I had no idea what was about to hit me shortly after the hearty meal.

As athletes who had just finished a wholly strenuous training session, we ordered quite a sizeable amount of food. I’d eaten at least 250 grams of meat paired with noodles. We’d even gotten a glass of milk tea each and ice cream for dessert, which was just spell for disaster.

As we were making our payment, I felt my stomach give a slight alert through a gurgle. However, it was so slight, the signals were but a faint and gentle whisper to my brain of my need, that I had thought nothing of it, dismissing it as some mere gas that would make its escape later.

Bidding my friends farewell, my stomach and intestines sent signals with increasing intensity and decreasing intervals with every step taken to the bus stop. While I knew it was getting bad, I thought I could manage the short 30-minute ride home.

How my overconfidence would have been my downfall that day.

Standing at the bus stop, I didn’t feel it as strongly then. However, as a Biology major, I should have known better than basing my need off what I felt while standing up with my rectum being naturally straightened from my posture and having a decreased gravitational pull as compared to when sitting down.

As I stood waiting, dreamily thinking about the glorious, explosive, humongous shit I was about to unload on my poor toilet at home, the bus finally came and I clambered on an empty seat, which had almost immediately made my need a couple tens’ times worse.

While the bus drove past the mall, I had contemplated stopping to relieve myself there instead. However, assessing my need, I was sure that I could hold it for the short journey home. After all, I’ve done it plenty of times - albeit not four days’ worth of my intestines extracting every ounce of sustenance from every meal I have had, including the likely undercooked meat from earlier, I’m sure I could still manage. What could go wrong, right? Right?

How foolish was I, to have thought that the uninvited guests in my intestines who have overstayed their welcome would remain tame and put till I was ready to excrete them.

A few bus stops past the ones by the mall, and I had fully regretted my decision to not stop then. Minute by minute, the pangs from my abdomen sent increasingly urgent signals - signals that told me ‘You need to go, right now!’. My stomach hurt like a little bitch, and I was sure I was green from the nausea. My fist balled up tightly as I dug my nails into my thighs, my arm, anything to distract myself from the pressure that was my faeces pressing against the muscles of my anal sphincter and rectum.

Deep inside, I knew I was fighting a losing battle. However, I wasn’t willing to back down without putting up my best defences. Shifting uncomfortably in my seat with my arm crossed over my stomach, trying my best to ignore the knowing side glances from other passengers and my utter humiliation from the clear desperation that I was displaying. This was a contest between my body’s insistence and my own mental fortitude.

The pressure against my anal muscles was almost too hard to bear. The strong, constant waves of diarrhea trying to escape my rectum was beyond my abilities and the help I had gotten from pressing my hard against the chair. I still had half the journey left to my bus stop home - and even then, I’d have to endure the long, arduous five minute walk home.

I tried everything I could, anything to buy time for myself. I tightened my sphincter pelvic muscles as hard as I could, trying all I could to redirect my thoughts from my pressing need. However, it was just too much. Even I could tell how much poop was contained within me with the bloating and the intense pressure in my abdomen which I had never felt as strongly in my life before as I had now.

Then it happened. A leak. A short stream of diarrhea pouring into my underwear. ‘This absolutely cannot be happening to me’, I thought to myself. Simultaneously and contrastingly, I also thanked heavens I was wearing black cotton shorts then, for I had nothing to cover up my accident with than the camouflage of dark-coloured clothing. Shifting to assess the damage, I was relieved to find that it was a short enough stream to not have leaked out of my pants, or to have been visible to others.

This had alleviated my pressure, though not for long at all. The waves returned in full force, thrashing against my rectum, begging for release. Another stream shot out, though I was thankfully able to stop it again in time.

‘Why, why didn’t you stop at the mall?’, I silently cursed myself.

Okay, one more stop and one more traffic light left to my home. I’d made it this far. Please, please at least let me make it out of the bus before violently messing myself completely.

The second spurt had made it much, much worse. I felt as though the floodgates had been left slightly ajar, and I did not have even a minute before the rest of what felt like a thousand kilogram’s worth of diarrhea found their way out.

‘Please don’t be a red light’, I silently begged while my stares bored into the traffic light menacingly while I activated the bus bell to signal that I was getting off at the next stop.

A red light. Great. Just what I and the lovely, glamorous shit contained inside my body and currently thrashing against myself needed.

It paused for what felt like ages. I could hear my heartbeat loud and fast, intense fear of completely humiliating myself pouring against my chest. As the bus finally started moving, I tried to walk casually towards the door, as nonchalant as I could, though I’m sure I appeared as chill as an ant on a fire-wok.

As I stood by the door, I could feel more poop slowly slipping out of me.

‘Not in the bus. Not in the bus.’, I willed every single muscle I had to stem the flow, and I felt like a child wearing a full diaper. I could feel so much poop sloshing around my underwear with every step, my humiliation intensifying as I realised that every single passenger on the bus had witnessed my desperate struggle for dignity. I hoped dearly that they could not tell I had lost.

Finally, the bus stopped and I alighted. Five minutes to home. While I knew I wasn’t going to make it, I had to try. At least, I hadn’t done it in the bus.

The agony in every step I took, the push in every second I waited, and I could take it no longer. As I turned a corner to a rather isolated grass patch by a now empty basketball court, I finally let go. I truly could not have held it a second longer, I did not even have time to squat and take my pants off as my intestines unloaded itself into my underwear, brown matter spilling out of my pants and tainting my legs, my face red from utter humiliation.

I swiped a tissue to the back of my thigh, and to my horror, it was completely caked with shit, and I mean it when I say not a single surface of the tissue was spared.

I stepped home quickly, thankful that no one passed me and evading quickly into corners when I heard anyone coming behind me.

Fortunately for me, none of my family members were home to see the state I had returned in. I dashed upstairs as fast as I could to my bathroom.

The damage, as I had suspected, was beyond horrible. I don’t think I had even pooped this much my entire life.

I had taken off my shorts and underwear to sit on the toilet bowl to unload the rest of myself into it, when I heard a ‘plop’ land on the floor.

No freaking way.

A glob of mess, more humongous than I had even thought possible, fell from my underwear onto the floor.

Not only that, poop was caked all over my underwear and my shorts. I genuinely couldn’t believe that I could have produced or stored so much shit in me, with more pouring out of me by the second. I was half-mortified and half-impressed.

Clean-up was messy, as expected, and pun intended, with poop caked all over my private parts. While this had been one of the most mortifying and humbling experiences in my life, I was just thankful that no one was able to witness my massive accident and was able to at least maintain a shred of false dignity after all. And honestly? With that amount of shit contained inside me, I was pretty proud of myself for holding out that long!

