Work Desperation

Author: PeeLovebug

*000*2022-08-30 02:38

The story I'm mentioning today is only about desperation, but no wetting, unless you count the toilet. 😉 This happened a week or so ago. So I (21 afab) have been working as a clerk cashier at Dollar Tree for a little over 3 months now. I'm close to some of the managers (not really outside of work, but we pal around at work). I have a mild form of interstitial cystitis (it's not usually that bad unless I eat or drink things that trigger it, or it flares up from other factors, such as anxiety). It also tends to bother me when I laugh too much, or cough or sneeze too hard. Tickling is an immediate game over. 

Usually, I have no issues with finding or paging a manager to cover my register until I come back from the bathroom, but on this particular day, I couldn't hold it much longer and had to do something about it. The day that it happened, I tried paging the manager (male) once and didn't get anything back from him. Thankfully, there were no people at my register (there's usually only one cashier on duty unless the shifts overlap), so I ran to the backroom to try and find the manager. He was at the very end of the backroom, on the little cement balcony just outside the back doors. He was on his phone and I didn't want to bother him.

He didn't even notice I was there. I decided instead of bothering him I would brave going to the bathroom unannounced with no one to cover the register. I hurriedly grabbed the keychain containing the key to the employee bathroom and headed straight for the door. As I reached the drinking fountains just before the employee bathroom (the employee bathroom is on the right and the customer bathroom is on the left on the same side of the wall with the drinking fountains in the middle of them), I started to potty dance and probably grabbed myself a little bit too if there were no customers around.

Taking any step further was absolute torture. It only took a couple seconds that felt painstakingly longer, like minutes, for me to shove the key in the lock, turn the key, and unlock the door that would reward me with my freedom. I immediately threw the key on the sink, tore open my belt, and furiously yanked my jeans down before sitting on the toilet. I don't think I would have lasted another second.

As soon as my ass hit the toilet seat, I immediately exploded the stream of pee from my poor aching bladder, feeling euphoric and probably quietly moaning as I released. I'd never been so desperate outside of the house before. This was pure, extreme, genuine desperation! After lingering in pure bliss for a few moments, I finished up, and after washing my hands, I heard a slight knock at the door. I got slightly nervous and made a small squeak before opening the door. I half thought I was about to get in trouble, but it turns out that my manager was just checking to see if anyone was in the employee bathroom.

He was just as surprised to see me standing in the doorway, even commenting "I didn't expect anyone to be in here" I assumed that he had to pee too. Shyly I left the bathroom before returning to my post. Thankfully there were still no customers and I got off easy. Later when I saw him at the front of the store again, I explained what had happened, and he just laughed and said that I could have just asked him while he was on the phone. Looking back on it, I probably should have asked him since he's probably the nicest manager there, but at the time my brain was panicking and I didn't know how to rationalize my thoughts.

