Watering the Trail – and My Legs! (My First Story Here!)

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-09-21 10:16

Hi everyone! My name is Kaylee. This is my first story here! I did a brief post in the introduction section, but wanted to hit the ground running and put out a story (before I get cold feet and decided to never post hahaha)

To start off, I love being active. I run all the time and, given that good hydration is essential for running, it makes running a fantastic outlet for this...interest. About a week ago, I took advantage of this opportunity during a late afternoon run. I had been nursing some water bottles throughout the entire day to ensure my fluids were up and about 15 minutes before my run, downed an entire bottle. I like to do a mixture of road and trail running, with the occasional track run if I want to work on speed. I was feeling a little shy today (and was totally planning to wet even before I set out) so I opted for the trail run, expecting to run into fewer people. Near my apartment is a beautiful network of trails through the woods, so I went there. The run started off pretty normally. I could still feel water sloshing around in my stomach, but I took it gently and all was well.

It was about 20 minutes into my run that my bladder started becoming uncomfortable. At this point, I grinned to myself, getting excited about what I was planning to do. A while back, I set aside a couple of running skirts and some ratty shoes specifically for days like this, in order to avoid making TOO much of a mess. While I enjoy wetting, I'm still a bit too timid and prefer to keep it discrete, hence the skirt, and not trash my nice clothes/shoes, hence the ratty shoes. Up and around the trails I dashed for another 5 or so minutes. By now, I was really getting the urge, but I forced myself to carry on. Time seemed to slow down as the pressure grew. I kept looking at my watch after what felt like hours, but was only 30 seconds...1 minute...1:15...Finally, I hit 30 minutes into my run and I was absolutely bursting.

At this point, I was hardly running. Each pound of my foot on the dirt trail sent shivers through my bladder, threatening to explode all over my insides and gush down my legs. I was hunched over, attempting to plunge my hand into my crotch, as if that would help seal it shut. In hindsight, it must've been a pretty comical sight. My mind raced: Should I find a tree to hide behind, pop a squat, and let loose? No, too boring, I've done that loads of times. Should I squat and leave a giant puddle in the middle of the trail? Too risky, though the trails aren't heavily traveled, hikers and cyclists come through occasionally. If I didn't make up my mind quickly, my bladder would decide for me. Finally, a fun idea popped into my head. I could keep running WHILE I peed. Let the wonderful warmth flow down my legs, into my shoes, and onto the ground, leaving a thin trail of urine staining the trail behind me.

It was exciting and, thanks to my skirt, discrete enough that anyone passing by would never know! With this idea, just in the nick of time, I stood up straight, looked around to make sure nobody was nearby – the coast was clear – and unleashed the flood gates. I was a little surprised. Despite how desperately I had to pee, and how, with each step I took, my bladder quivered with angst, there was a bit of a delay. I'd never peed before while running, so a mental block was in the way. 

Thankfully, the desperation won out, and a flood of warmth doused my panties, filling them almost immediately, and permitting a clear trickle down my leg. What started as a trickle quickly became a stream. My wet panties stuck to my lady bits as they dispelled pee. Forgetting where I was and what I was doing, I let out a sigh (almost a yell if I'm being totally honest) of relief. The pee that pooled in the crotch of my panties as I urinated began falling straight to the ground whenever it wasn't interrupted by the constant back and forth of my legs.

The warmth spread from my crotch and butt, down both of my thighs, soaking my calves, occasionally sprinkling off into the air as my feet kicked. The flood quickly permeated my socks and my shoes and, before long, they let out a satisfying squish with every step. I shivered and let out a laugh at the sensation. It was really strange, but liberating, to be letting my bladder loose in mid-stride. I looked down and marveled at just how much pee I had. It felt like the glistening stream down my leg would never end, but alas, as all good things must, the flow came to a trickling halt. I pushed a couple more times to free a few more spouts into my saturated panties and slowed my pace so I could look at the handiwork on the trail behind me. Sure enough, it was faint, but I could see splatters of pee following me in the dirt. I turned back around and continued my run.

As the wind blew against me, the warm panties that stuck to me began to cool, yet another wonderful sensation. Things down there were unspeakably...excited. It was around this time that I brushed my hand against the back of my skirt and realized that I accidentally soaked the bottom of it, as well! Another 15 minutes into my run, and I was nearing the end, I was also feeling the urge to pee again. It was much less urgent than before, but certainly enough to let loose before returning home.

I let it go, the heat of the pee rushing out and warming my lower region once again. It was fairly tame this time, most of it being slowed by my panties, with only a bit escaping to slide down my leg – and a good thing, too. At that moment, I rounded a corner and nearly jumped out of my skin as I almost collided with a cyclist – male. He, assuming that my scare was due to our near collision and not recognizing that it was actually attributed to a 23 year old woman afraid that she was caught peeing herself, darted out of the way and vocalized an apology as he disappeared around the corner, as quickly as he had come.

As soon as my heart was fished out of my stomach, where it had fallen during the encounter, I let out a laugh as I thought to myself "That encounter scared the pee out of me!" – the trickle had finished when I jumped at seeing him. Finally, the cooling sensation tickling my "downstairs", I came to the end of the trail and followed the road until my apartment was in sight. Still thoroughly soaked as I got to the door, I tenderly stepped in, taking care to avoid any carpeted areas. I made a beeline for the bathroom, where I took a refreshing shower, where I, of course, peed more (hey, a girl's gotta enjoy the fantasy of peeing standing up), and gave my lady bits a celebratory massage.

*004*2017-09-21 17:00

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Good story, but next time can you maybe try splitting the story into paragraphs so it's easier to read?

}}

I'll make sure to do that! Thanks for the advice!

*008*2017-09-22 05:07

{{6 hours ago, amberpee said:

Wow. I loved reading your experience; especially the expertly descriptive detail you used to relay the events of your run. One of my favorite stories in a long time – hope you share more.

}}

Thank you!! Glad you enjoyed it! :)

*009*2017-09-22 05:14

{{18 hours ago, desp_wet said:

Great story. I've always fantasised about wetting whilst running, but never had the courage to go through with it. Maybe one day....

}}

Thanks!! It's pretty thrilling if you can find a way to do it discretely! I can't attest to how it is more publicly...I'm too timid for that, too

*011*2017-09-24 08:18

{{3 hours ago, OmoJack said:

Great story can't wait tonhewr more of you're wet tales! Curious as to how the pee got to the back of you're skirt while running. I would think it would just travel down the legs. Did it get caught in you're underwear? Do u mind me asking what style(and color if u wanna indulge lol) of underwear u wore?

}}

Thanks!! I'm glad you enjoyed it! I was a little puzzled as to how it managed to get the back of my skirt, too. My panties did obstruct the flow a bit, so the only thing I can figure is maybe between that and the motion of my running, some happened to get pushed out around my butt as my skirt was in range. In regard to the underwear, I don't mind at all! Early on in my wetting days, I invested in the cheapest black panties I could find at Walmart, figuring that stains wouldn't show and if I ruined them, it wouldn't be a costly loss. Not the sexiest thing, but they've always worked fine for my purposes, so I often try to use those, including in this case (though, I occasionally splurge and go for some different colors now that I'm out of my parents' house and doing my own laundry ).

