Nearly pissed myself today

Author: PNW_bruh1994

*000*2019-08-18 06:23

Hi! I've been lurking for a while; thought I would post my experience today. This all just happened a few hours ago, and what an experience it was!

Let me preface my story with a bit of history. I've had an interest in omorashi for a long time; in fact, one of the first porn videos that I watched was a woman desperately pissing herself. I'm not sure why that's been the case, but I think it may have been because of my shy bladder. Seventy-five percent of the time, I can't urinate in a public restroom, especially when I'm in the presence of others. Even when I'm alone in a public bathroom, if I think I hear the door open or if I hear footsteps, I'll lock up. This has led to some situations that have left me near bursting, holding my piss until I was in the comfort of my own home. However, I've never wet myself due to my shy bladder. I chalk it up to extensive training 😉 That being said, the idea of getting to the point in which I lose control turns me on like no other, but I've never been able to uncontrollably piss myself. While I'm still in pursuit of this fantasy, I about near fulfilled it today.

I woke up this morning, and like every morning, my aching bladder woke me up. I make a beeline to the bathroom to relieve myself, and then went back to bed for a few more hours of sleep. A couple of hours later, I decided to start my day. On the weekends, I like to drive down to Portland, OR to check out the Saturday Market and grab some lunch at one of the many restaurants I frequent. This weekend, I was on the hunt for a new pair of shoes, so I headed south after getting dressed and ready for the day. The last time I took a leak was around 6:00am.

After checking out a few stores, I decided to grab some lunch at a burger joint. With my meal, I had a medium drink that I refilled once before leaving. I was at about a 3/10, not enough to worry about. I decided to check out a furniture store a few blocks away from the burger joint. By the time I left, it was around 1:00 and I was at about a 5, still not enough to worry about, but I've held it for longer. With an impending protest in Portland, I decided to head further south to one of the larger malls to kill time and do some people watching. While I was at the mall, I thought about how long it had been since I had done anything omo-related. I then decided that I would rock a piss at the mall, but I couldn't use the bathroom from that point on until I couldn't hold it any longer. Of course, the bathroom at the mall was hella crowded, so taking a leak wasn't an option, but all that did was make me more excited for what was before me. It was 2:30 and I was at about a 6/10.

On the way back home, I thought about speeding up the process by grabbing an iced coffee, so I swung by Dutch Bros for my usual, a medium iced tuxedo mocha. I downed it on the way home, passing by one of the rest areas that I would usually stop off at on my weekly trips home (ironically, one of the places where I don't lock up while pissing). That's when I had another epiphany - I used up the last roll of toilet paper this morning! Looks like I'll need to stop off at Target. At this point, I'm still at about a 6, maybe a 6.5/10 - not enough to be squirming, but definitely feeling uncomfortable. I grab two Cokes on the way out; one for now, another for Rum and Cokes later.

Around 4:30, I finally made it home. I changed into some clothes that I didn't care about, opened up the first Coke, and started reading some stories on here to get things moving. By then, I was at a 7/10, definitely squirming on the couch while I read stories and watch videos of people losing all control. I finished the Coke, and feeling a bit dehydrated, I chased it with a glass of water. Let's do the math...by this point, I've had over 1/2 gallon of a variety of drinks, all of them (except the water) having caffeine, which started to take a toll on my poor bladder. Within about an hour, I'm at a solid 9/10. I haven't leaked, but it feels like I might burst. The anticipation of the feeling of losing control turned me on like no other! I got hard as a rock, which helped me hang on just a bit longer, but I also didn't want to let my boner go to waste.

It took all of a few minutes for me to earth-shatteringly orgasm, but suddenly, I felt my bladder cramp and bare down. I was at my limit and I had nothing ready! I couldn't quite tell if what was coming out of my member was cum or piss! Not wanting to sleep on a wet bed, I grabbed the nearest thing I could let loose in, which happened to be a 32 oz soda cup left over from the other day. By the time my aching bladder was empty, I had filled the cup to the brim - almost one liter of piss!

I'm still waiting for the day that I can totally lose all control. When I do, y'all will be the first to know!

