My desesperation stories

Author: Pristila_Gezel

*000*2023-01-10 03:55

My name is Pristila and I have a problem, the problem is that I had very interesting life. To context to my stories. I'm a 21 years girl (in October 2023 I'll have 22), I have a very fair skin, hazel eyes and a red blond hair. In 21 years I have some extreme situations that I would like to share.

DELIVERY

My first story occured in May 2020, in the first wave of the pandemic. I had to come to the city that year to study periodism, in that city (that I call city "Pt") my sister lives since 2017 so I didn't be alone.

In my first year of university I found a work to deliver girl in a fastfood. I have to go to differents spots to the city (it's a capital) delivering their orders with a motocycle.

In March when the COVID-19 pandemic started in our country, my sister Ilsa left her work, but I continue with mine. Then the months passed and I was in a saturday of the month of May.

I wook up early (7 am) and I drank a soda before to go to work. That day it was very hot and I wore a black armless tank top (that left my belly uncovered too), a black leggins and open shoes like flip-flops with no socs.

When I was in work, I had little wants to pee, no importancy. They gave me the first order of the day and I departured with my moto. The streets was empty, the city was in quarantine, thanks to it was very fast to reach my destination, I gave the first order with no difficulties. In the trip to the house (of the delivery) to my work, I began to fell a pression in my belly, it was very annoying, I passed the lights in red (because there no cars). I came to my work again to the second order and when the guys were preparing it the tickle of my bladder became to pain. I gotta pee (repeat me in my mind)

The second order was ready and I put it in the compartment of the moto. They gave me the adress, my destination was very far, in the suburbs of the city. When I traveled four or five squares I found a red light with cars, I stoped the moto and waited. I feel a little pressure on my vulva and a liquid spilling inside me, I closed my eyes with fierce, I was wearing glasses. When the light turned green, I pulled the gas to top, I passed by a bridge and the sound of the water of the river was unsoportable.

I was almost two milles to my destination when I had a leak. I stoped and hold my croatch. I did a little of pee again, it wet my panties and the left thigh of the leggins. I thought to find a tree to get a squat but I realized that this was going to take a long time and should be very punctual.

My crotch was dripping, the seat was wet. How was I going to introduce myself like that? At that moment, I regretted not wearing shorts or a skirt. This makes it easier for women to pee in the street.

I arrived at my destination, it was a building with a driveway and parking spaces inside, I got off the motorcycle and looked for the address, it was right on the second floor. I swear climbing that damn steel staircase was horrible, with each step I was escaping in pee.

I was literally peeing right there in front of the door, when they finally opened it I was shaking. I told myself, anything I fell into a puddle. When I was getting paid and the ticket couldn't stay still, I twisted a bit and squeezed my thighs. When they finally closed the door I realized that the return trip was still missing, everything was closed due to the pandemic, there were no bathrooms and I was not going to hold out until I got to the fastfood.

So I decided to give up and find a place to urinate in that apartment complex, I first thought of squatting under the stairs, but realized that the splashing of urine would make a lot of noise. But then I saw a salvation, there was a small alley between buildings, it was very narrow but it worked for me.

The alley was so narrow that squatting would get me wet, it was much narrower than the length of my thighs so I decided to make the most surreal urination position possible. Before entering I lowered my leggings and panties to my ankles, with my private parts dripping and exposed, I went into the alley and first held my left hand in a chimney and my right in a ventilation duct.

Then I jumped up and put my feet against the wall of another building and bent my knees, it was like a vertical squat, the position was so effective that the urine began to come out immediately, splashing in a cascade, first wetting my buttocks and then the asphalt. I got scared because I was making a lot of noise, I urinated for almost a minute until I stopped and felt a relaxation.

After the spasm I realized I was floating on a puddle of my own urine, my hands were red from holding on, (I'm athletic so I was able to hold the position). Now I was thinking how to get out. First I lowered one foot and then the other, both stepped on the urine. I ran out of the alley and out of the building, never to return.

