Public Toilets

Author: Pollock25

*000*2022-09-11 12:18

Do you think more shops should have toilets for customers?

I recently went into town after work to do some suit shopping for an upcoming event, the afternoon coffees at work had caught up on me and I was quite desperate by the time I arrived at the shops. I spent some time in Next trying on different suits with a female shop assistant so she could determine the correct size and I eventually had to ask her if they had any toilets. (I didn’t think they did but I thought she might let me use the staff toilet) I said ‘Sorry but is there any toilets in here? I’ve came straight from work and I’m absolutely bursting’ she said ‘Oh sorry we don’t have customer toilets’ and she pointed my in the direction of the nearest public toilets in a restaurant which were about a minute walk away.

I actually had to quickly leave and come back which was quite embarrassing and we actually had a funny chat about it afterwards.

Has anyone else been in similar situations?

*003*2022-09-11 13:48

{{11 minutes ago, DesperateJill said:

Personal experience has taught me the importance and value of public toilets. To me it still boggles the mind that you would have any place without toilets readily available to anybody who happens to be frequenting or using that place. Toilets are essential to being able to function in society.

}}

I agree. Or even allow customers to use their staff toilets, especially since she knew I was going to have to leave the shop to go to the toilet and then return to finish suit shopping. I suppose it’s not the fault of the staff and more the company policy.

*005*2022-09-11 15:16

{{8 minutes ago, Mary127 said:

I think they should, even if it’s just a single occupant bathroom in a tiny clothing store. The reason I say this is because when I was 10 or 11, I was out in public with my dad and i told him I had to pee, kind of at the last minute because I was already crossing my legs. He took me to the closest store and asked them if they had bathrooms. They said they didn’t. So we went to the store next to it, same story. Five more stores, same thing. He held was holding my hand while I was potty dance-walking and when I let go of his hand to put both of them in my crotch, he could tell I was in trouble so he said, “Don’t worry sweetie we’ll find a bathroom for you.” Yea, we never did and I peed my pants.

}}

Yes that would be beneficial, the shop assistant actually said she wished she was allowed to let me use the staff toilets as I looked very desperate.

