11th Grade Private School Math Exam

Author: PianistPony

*000*2017-10-04 08:52

Hello i'm Samantha, a 5'9 tall skinny blue eyed blond very shy who lives in New York. This is a story from when I was back in high school.

So I went to a private school, of course we had to wear a school uniform, short black skirt and white button up top high white socks hair had to but up in a pony tail or strictly down and tie for some stupid reason... anyway if your into knowing my under clothing I had on pink panties with hearts on them and white bra for this story. Now before we get into the story I wanted to say i'm not the super best holder, I can hold it 5-6ish hours at best (I usually went to the bathroom during lunch at school on some days I could hold it 9 hours depending on how much I drank during the day) I got straight A's through all my years of schooling always stressed during exam week studying late and staying awake off tea (not a coffee drinker) i'm sorry for boring you with back story here in the beginning.

I woke up on Tuesday morning at 6am took my shower and now dressed in my school uniform, I go down stairs eat my breakfast, toast eggs and sausage with a glass of orange juice say good-bye to my mommy use the bathroom right before I drive off to school. I always arrive at school much earlier then I should, but lucky for me so did my friend Katherine, we went to the library and talked about boys and what book series was popular at the time, out school had a weird schedule system where we only had 4 classes the first half of the year and then another 4 after the winter break, I enjoyed it because you only had to focus on 4 classes rather then having to focus on 8 classes switching off from day to day as I know some schools do. 

Katherine and I started discussing what tests we had and quizzed each other before Katherine looked at her watched and noticed the bell for first period was about to ring, she said she needed to pee before class began which is pretty normal for her to do. She asked if I needed to go and I said I didn't have to go as usual, we walked to the bathrooms together as it was on the way to my first class, we said our goodbyes and good luck on our first few exams as we didn't have any class until the last class of the day, but always eat lunch together.

My first class of the day was gym, I was never a fan of having gym as the first class of the day, getting all sweaty and icky but during exam week we didn't have gym it was more of a study hall we got to relax, study, read, or some people who decided to take the next hour and 30 minutes to catch up sleep. I just studied for my next class which was english, a guy in my gym class Anthony was also in my english class and we studied together for the class period which was from 7:45-9am. We ask each other questions on Hamlet the book we had to read together as a class this semester, as far as old literature goes i'm more of an Eder Allen Poe fan over William Shakespeare but as it's the course curricular I am stuck with Hamlet, Anthony and I recite the famous saying from the book as we knows it's going to be on todays exam, as he recites it I open my first water bottle and take few sips from it. 

I sit comfortably with my legs crossed I let my mind wander for a little before I get snapped back to reality by the bell signaling it's time for the next class. I get up pack my things and walk to my english class as I walk into class I read the board with rules on the test and pre-test rules, I sit down and take out my pencil while I read the trick rules about cheating will result in a 0 and no one will be able to leave the class once the test starts and we will be having the first 15 minutes of class to study or use the bathroom.

Everyone gets into the classroom within minutes, the teacher asks if anyone has to use the bathroom, I sit and feel a little need to go but brush it off as it's not that bad and shouldn't be a bother for this class, 4 people ask to use the bathroom which the teacher lets everyone go before the test, I drink half of my water before the test starts english class is from 9-10:20am. A few questions are asked and the teacher passes out the tests and state we have 1 hour to finish the test. I start my test and notice theres 50 questions, I make my way through the test, i'm not the first one to finish, but i'm not the last either, with 5 minutes left of class I check all my answers before the teacher states that the time is up and everyone has to pass there papers to the front as I hear the groans of students who don't sound to thrilled the time is already up.

I squeeze my legs together and wiggle my butt a bit feeling the need to pee worsen as it always gets by this time of the day, I have finished my first bottle of water during my test. The teacher begins grading the tests as we all sit and talk about questions and debate on which answers are to the correct ones to certain questions, the bell rings signaling the beginning of lunch. Being at a small private school we have a cafeteria like most school, but we can eat anywhere on campus we want, I ask the teacher to please grade my test as I want to know what my grade was before leaving for lunch, he asks for my name without looking up at me and grabs my test.

I take a seat at the desk closest to his and take out my lunch I packed last night, the traditional PB&J with some apple slices, chips and ice tea I begin eating my lunch as the teacher grades my test, I notice i'm squirming a lot now noticing my bladder is telling me I really should get to the bathroom before lunch ends, I decide to stay in the empty class room and hold it until I find out the grade of my test. I finish my stand which and beginning on my apple slices as the teacher shows me my test I was thrilled to see I got 97% knowing i'm going to pass the class with a 95 average. I jump with joy not caring about my skirt flopping about, the teacher congratulates me as I thank him for being a good teacher, I pack up the rest of my lunch and walk out into the hallway.

I drink some of my ice tea while walking to the spot where Katherine and I meet up everyday for lunch as we have 20 minutes left of the lunch period I sit down and apologize to Katherine about being late before giving her the exciting news about my latest academic achievement, I was too thrilled about meeting my friend I forgot about my filling bladder, I stand and cross my legs very tightly while I finish my ice tea and finish the rest of my apples and chips. I start dancing in place and continue to cross and uncross my legs, Kathrine who was sitting on the ground said I should sit down, I confessed that my bladder was very full and needed to be emptied before the next class, she giggled as I squirmed around mentioned from where she's sitting she can see up my skirt which she seems to mention to me more often then I would want.

I brush it off and tell her I'm going to get to the bathroom as I check my watch which tells me 5 minutes until lunch is over. We say our goodbyes for now and I rush off to the bathroom, I turn the corner and see a line for the girls room, the line is never bad, but I can understand why it would be today as it is test day so everyone wants to relive themselves before the start of 3rd period. I see many girls standing with tightly crossed legs, I join the long line and cross my legs as well squirming badly knowing that if I don't get a chance to go now i'm going to be in trouble. The line moves along quite fast, I'm squeezing my legs together and bobbing up and down, I give in and push my skirt between my legs and cross them very tightly, a few girls are in front of me as the bell rings. Not wanting to be late and knowing I won't be able to use the bathroom before class starts I decide to leave the line and rush to math class.

I arrive in the class room and sit at my seat and wiggle my butt and squeeze my legs very tightly together, the bell rings to start class, I'm afraid to raise my hand to ask to use the bathroom in fear of being denied, the teacher explains the rules of the test, much of the same as last class. Class is from 11-12:20pm so the teacher passes out the test explaining we only have 60 minutes to finish the 60 questions on the test. I look at the test squirming badly, I realize i'm not going to make it the full class, I try to take my mind off of my bursting bladder by focusing on the test, this distraction only lasts for 20 minutes, longer then I thought, I was able to finish 30 of the questions before I put my pencil down and grab myself and desperately squirm around in my seat.

I realize i'm in seriously trouble now I think of asking the teacher but I know he won't let me go to the bathroom, I try focusing on my test more, I'm able to concentrate enough to finish my test, only passing another 20 minutes. I was lucky i'm very good at math so I didn't have to think to much about trying to figure out the answers, I hold myself and cross my legs desperately trying not to pee my panties and skirt at this point, I raise my hand desperate having to ask the teacher.

He asks what I need I confess I need to use the bathroom really really bad, I explain I was busy after my last class and didn't get a chance to go during lunch, he said I should have had enough time to go during lunch and told me I have to wait until everyone is done with the test before I can go. I said okay and started pee dancing in my seat I tug at the hem of my skirt before scrunching it up and shoving it between my legs, a few minutes later I leak into my panties, I desperately raise my hand and tell him it's an absolute emergency which is very hard for me to confess, I never asked to use the bathroom all year, this was the only time I did, i'm very shy and would never want to admit such a thing unless it was an absolute emergency.

He said he's sorry but I have to just wait, five more minutes go buy and I leak bad this time, the pee spreads to my butt and I don't even want to think what my pink panties are looking like right now, I hold myself as tightly as I can. a few minutes pass and I start leaking again, my bladder can't take anymore of this torture. I look around the room seeing only a few more people are working on the test, but it's too late I start hissing and I can feel the pee rush out of me flooding my butt and my skirt and panties and rushing off the seat splashing onto the floor forming a puddle, I blush really badly and feel like i'm about to cry and I finish peeing myself, someone notices and tells the teacher I had an accident. I hide my face in my hands knowing i'm bright red from embarrassment. The teacher tells me to go to the nurse.

I pack up my things and walk to the nurse crying as pee drips from my soaked skirt onto to the floor as I get to the nurses office I knock and have to confess I had an accident, they have me call my mom and tell her what happened, I was able to leave for the day as my last class of the day was World History and we finished the exam last week for that class. I get to my car and lift my skirt and see the damage done to my panties, I put my skirt down and drive home, when I get home I text Katherine telling her I won't be in World History, I go to the bathroom and take off my peed panties and skirt and take a shower. 

I was so upset about having an accident for the next few days I was so scared to go to school afraid of what others might say. Not to many people teased me about it has happened at the school before, it happened quite a few times of the year at my school, I know of many teacher that wouldn't let students go during exams. I can recall many times of other girls holding themselves, I remember going to a class once and my assigned seat was all wet from an accident a girl had in the class earlier.

I wanted to thank you all for reading, I am interested to answer any questions and to read the comments you have for me. This is my first story and i'll be interested in sharing more with everyone if you are interested in reading more.

