Wet again

Author: PrincessPEEach

*000*2017-07-21 03:32

So I can't get enough of this already, now that I'm back into it! After my first wetting I couldn't wait to do it again, and I really wanted to wet in public, but I'm not brave enough to fully wet outside of my own home I don't think...

I'm not into desparation, rather the feeling of warm pee releasing, and especially peeing in different or public places. I also find it erotic to pee just a little, then stop again, like a game with myself where I can release only a bit at a time...

So here's a bit of both... sorry if it's in the wrong place, as it does involve a diaper.

So I borrowed a size 5 pampers and fit it inside a pair of dark pink lacy panties. Surprisingly it fit pretty well, I'm about 5'4" and fairly slim so it covered my front and back pretty decently, but wasn't bulky at all, and the panties held it in place really well. I put a pair of black and grey capri leggings on and a longer kind of flowing tank top that sits just below my butt, and felt ready to head out.

I needed to drive to the grocery store and pick up a couple things, and my car was also out of gas,so my plan was to wet just a bit whenever I felt like it, but not soak through. I couldn't wait and had to try it out just a bit right there in the bathroom, so I let out a tiny gush of pee. It felt incredible to release the warm pee into the diaper and it was hard to stop from just letting it all go right there, to soak down my legs and splash out on the floor around my ankles. I had to rub my clit a little through the diaper and I could feel that I was wet in more than one way. If I didn't get going I was likely to end up just peeing down my legs and then getting myself off right there in my own bathroom, so I went out to the car and got in.

I had to relax a bit to let out the next spurt but it felt just about as good if not better because I was sitting down and could feel a little pool of delightful warm pee collect briefly under my aching clit.

I pulled out the driveway and headed to the grocery store making a deal with myself that at every red light I would treat myself to another small pee. I was shivering a little with anticipation and tried to time the first light well, but it was green. Pulled up to the next light, a red, yay!! But just as I felt that sweet tingle of near release, it went green-so frustrating! My bladder and my clit were aching for release as I came up to toward the next light but it turned green before I could get there. I couldn't help myself and reached down to rub my crotch a bit through the diaper...

Finally a yellow light just as I pull up to the final stop before the store. I have to calm myself down and relax enough to let go and pee and it feels so good flowing around my throbbing clit and soaking into a warm puddle, it's so hard to stop but I press hard between my legs and I do. I pull into the store and park, sweating just a tiny from the experience so far, I'm tingling all over, but most of all between the legs. Wishing someone was with me, but my husband's not into this, and anyway, he's out. I think the diaper is holding and I run my hands all over my butt and crotch and inside my leggings to check my panties. Feels Perfect, not wet at all, so I get out and head into the store.

I'm super nervous now because I've never done anything like this. It was one thing to pee in the car, but I don't think I can do it in the store, and I'm shaking a bit. I try to relax and let a little out while I'm getting my cart, but it won't come, and I feel shaky and light headed with the anticipation, I am desperate to just gush into my pants and feel that erotic warmth spreading but I can't seem to let go, it's sweet torture...

This must be getting too long, so I'll leave it at a cliff hanger and finish up the rest of my shopping and the gas station visit in another post. XO

*004*2017-07-22 00:24

Got to finish this one off,

So I'm in the supermarket at the carts area, trying to calm down and relax but so aroused I'm almost on the edge of an orgasm. I want to let out a little gush of pee, but can't seem to let go, just get to the tingling point of release and then it won't flow. So I set out for the shopping hoping to try again. Finally I have to crouch down to grab something off a low shelf and I'm sure I can let go -I can almost feel the sweet warmth as it will spread across my pussy and pool a bit before soaking in.... but I can't make it happen and I'm stuck in agony crouching there.

Super frustrated and aroused I just finish up the shopping and leave. I'm so mad with I won't even let myself release any pee in the car, I'm saving it for the gas station, determined to get over myself and pee in public.

I'm nearly shaking with desire and anticipation when I get there and get the pump set up and going. It's not busy with only one car at the far pump so I relax and I can feel the piss building and about to pour out in a furious rush, I'm nearly moaning a bit I'm so aroused my legs are shaking and it starts to come, it's sooo hot and sweet . it's coming so fast now spurting out and flowing around my pussy and up the front of me.

I know I've got to stop because I'm only wearing a baby diaper and the lights are so bright, but I can't make myself and for what seems like an eternity I struggle with myself while my pants fill up with a delicious warm flood of pee, and now the diaper is filling up and pressing against me and I'm about to cum all over, but I'm afraid piss is going to start running down my legs and onto my feet and then over my flips flops and splatter the pavement making an ever widening puddle of golden pee if I don't stop NOW, so somehow I manage to stop. It's literally one of the hardest things I've done lately and I'm still shaking as I climb in my car and give my aching and sopping pussy a good firm rubbing, then head home to finish things off in the privacy of my bathroom.

