Introduction to sexual wetting

Author: pianoboo

*000*2015-02-26 21:02

Before I start my story I would like to say that this site is fantastic. I have been a lurker here for a while, but only just recently got the courage to make an account and post a story of my own. Any feedback on my writing would be appreciated.

My first sexual experience with wetting happened when I was eight or nine. I was at that age where some peers still occasionally wet the bed, but having a legitimate accident was highly unusual. I was also at that age where I was hitting growth spurts and rapidly outgrowing my clothes. One night, I had no pajamas that fit, so my mom let me wear an old t-shirt of hers to bed. It was longer, almost reaching my knees, and I wore white cotton panties underneath.

Before going to bed, I went through my usual routine of using the toilet, brushing my teeth, and then saying good night to my parents. I fell asleep almost immediately. Around four in the morning, I woke up with a jolt, feeling an enormous pressure on my bladder. Because I was so shy, I did not want to risk waking my parents up at this ungodly hour to use the toilet, so I decided to just lay there and hold it for a while longer.

I settled in, and tried to focus on anything but my screaming bladder. After what seemed like ages, I couldn't take it any longer. I was squirming uncontrollably, squeezing my crotch with my hand to keep from losing it right then and there. Finally, I decided I would just get up and go. I slowly stood up, keeping my hand firmly clenched over my crotch. As soon as my feet hit the floor, a wave of agony hit my bladder. I clenched my thighs together as tight as I could with my hand jammed into my crotch in an attempt to hold back what I was sure would be Niagara falls.

Luckily, not a single drop escaped me. I began my waddling journey down the hall to the bathroom. Every few steps I had to stop and clench my thighs together as a wave of desperation hit me. During one particularly strong wave, a few drops of pee escaped into my panties, creating a small damp patch in the crotch. After what seemed like a mile long walk, I made it into the bathroom, not even bothering to turn on the lights. I was afraid that if I removed one of my hands, I would burst.

As I came closer to the toilet I felt sure that I would make it. I turned around and mentally prepared myself to rip my panties off as fast as I could. Before I could even remove my hands from my crotch though, I felt my hands getting warm. A huge spurt of pee made its way out, trickling down the inside of my thigh. I stopped it quickly, but I could feel it right at the edge of my pee hole, threatening to burst any second. Carefully, I removed one hand and gripped the side of my panties, keeping the other hand firmly between my legs.

Just as I was about to get my panties off, I heard a soft hissing noise. Looking down, I realized that I was fully wetting myself just inches from the toilet. For a moment, I was frozen, and then I panicked. I jammed my other hand back down into my crotch, and pulled my mom's shirt between my legs in a desperate attempt to stop the forceful flow of pee streaming down my legs. All that did was redirect the flow, soaking my entire butt. About midway through my pee, I managed to stop the flow, although at that point I was already drenched from the waist down.

I surveyed the damage. My panties were completely yellow, and there was a large puddle on the floor. My butt, legs, and feet were soaked. By some miracle, my mom's shirt had only one tiny wet spot where the pee had burst through in a jet stream. I could feel that I still had more pee in me, so I did the only thing I could think to do. I took off my mom's shirt and hung it on the towel rack where it would stay dry, and then finished wetting my panties right there on the bathroom floor.

The hot, wet pee running down my legs gave me butterflies in my belly, and I grinned to myself, knowing that I was going to get away with something like this. When I was finally done emptying my bladder, I felt satisfied. I quickly grabbed some paper towels and mopped up the mess on the floor. I then stripped off my panties and dunked them into the still clean water of the toilet bowl, washing out the pee, and then wrung them out. They were slightly damp when I put them back on, but much drier and cleaner than they had been. Finally, I put my mom's shirt back on and returned to bed, sleeping another few hours before it was time to get up.

