A damp day! Multiple wettings in detail (Videos, pics)

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2022-01-18 02:20

After spending the morning of my day off running errands, I resolved to have a lazy afternoon... Naturally, this eventually resulted in soaked gray sweatpants. Let me tell you what happened in between.

This happened to be the rare occasion where I have the day off and my husband doesn't. He's cool with this kink and even indulges in it with me pretty regularly, but my appetite for wetting exceeds his by enough that I won't pass up the chance for some solo play. Knowing that I'd likely have the entire afternoon to myself after finishing my morning chores, I planned a wet day for myself in advance.

Throughout my busy morning, I took every opportunity to drink plenty of water. Back home, I slipped into comfy gray sweatpants and settled in on the couch. My bladder filled quickly. Unlike usual, I didn't feel like holding or getting desperate. Instead, I wanted to try something I haven't done before: Wetting myself on the kitchen floor, casually, while performing some other task. Something about nonchalant pissing really gets to me -- it's casual, often exhibitionist, and just all-around hot.

Just to make sure no pee ran under the stove, I moved a rug in front of the sink. I drank a glass of water, and then a second glass. Though I know the water can't have reached my bladder so quickly, I still felt the pressure grow instantly. Surely I was now full enough to overcome the mental block against pissing in so naughty a place. I hurried to set my phone up to record what happened next.

I picked up my electric teakettle and began to fill it in the sink. Bending over put just a little added pressure on my bladder, and I felt the first little trickle of hot pee dampen my underwear (gray boyshorts, as it happened). I swayed my hips back and forth as I began releasing a steady trickle of pee. My movements sent the stream down each leg in turn. I felt piss run down my skin, leaving a trail of soaked, warm cloth clinging to me in its wake. It felt wonderful. The streams began soaking my comfy wool socks and then puddling atop the rug before sinking into it.

I peed nonstop for what felt like a long time before slowing to brief gushes as I turned on the teakettle and reached into the fridge for milk. Finally, I couldn't force any more out, though I could still feel pee in my bladder. I guess the inherent taboo of the situation had caught up with me!

Here's the resulting video.

After that, I sat on the now-damp wet and drank even more water until I finally felt the next wave of pressure in my bladder and was able to relax again. I managed to pee for another 20 seconds, truly saturating the rug and the seat of my pants. (The seat had mostly escaped damage before, as most of my earlier pee had run down my legs from my crotch.) I got a video of that, too, which I'd be happy to share here once it's up on Twitter. (Don't feel like editing it tonight!) The rug and my socks, pants, and underwear went straight into the wash!

This wasn't even the end of my piss-related adventures for the day -- my next pee was a lot more desperate and risky! Let me know if you want to hear about it, too.

*004*2022-01-19 02:42

{{On 1/17/2022 at 7:20 PM, X_cristatus said:

After that, I sat on the now-damp rug and drank even more water until I finally felt the next wave of pressure in my bladder and was able to relax again. I managed to pee for another 20 seconds, truly saturating the rug and the seat of my pants. (The seat had mostly escaped damage before, as most of my earlier pee had run down my legs from my crotch.) I got a video of that, too, which I'd be happy to share here once it's up on Twitter. (Don't feel like editing it tonight!) The rug and my socks, pants, and underwear went straight into the wash!

}}

As hinted above, here's that second wetting video! I love a good rewetting, don't you?

Now to type up what happened later, when I went for a run with a full bladder and my phone ready to record... And maybe y'all would like to hear about what happened after my husband got home, though sadly there's no video to go with that. I really know how to make the best of a lazy day off!

*005*2022-01-19 03:29

Part 3 of this soggy saga! I hope y'all like details, but if you don't, I've once more put the link to the video in large text below.

After wetting in my kitchen, it took a while for my bladder to fill again. I changed into dry clothes and got cozy on the couch with my hot tea (Bigelow's American, for the extra caffeine, with a little splash of milk). Okay, maybe I rubbed my clit for a while -- the naughtiness of the whole situation was pretty exciting! Finally, I started to feel full again. I waited til I was a solid 7 out of 10 before putting on my running clothes: Warm wool running socks, black lightweight running shorts, a tank top, and a black quarter-zip jacket. I'd recently learned that my winter running tights really show dampness (context linked below), so while it was only about 40 degrees outside, I was determined to tough it out in shorts.

$/73781-wet-my-leggings-in-my-home-office-3-videos-pic/

That might've been a mistake. My muscles felt tight with cold as I started jogging, and that tightness put new pressure on my bladder. As I picked up the pace, I also got warmer, but my bladder was practically sloshing with each footfall! I'd planned on running along my usual 5k loop, which winds through neighborhoods and then out into a nearby open area with mostly paved trails before paralleling a busy road and returning me to my neighborhood. At the two mile mark, there's a spur trail out past a dog park and into a network of less-heavily-trafficked, unpaved trails -- a perfect area to sit down on a rock just out of sight of the trail and let it all out.

But as I approached the one-mile mark, my bladder already felt fit to burst. I thought about stopping to let out a spurt, but I hadn't worn underwear, so there was nothing to absorb liquid. Plus, there was no guarantee I could regain control once I relinquished it. I was on a stretch of sidewalk that runs past a park on one side and a trailer park on the other. There was nowhere to hide, and what if someone in a passing car spotted piss gushing down my legs and steam rising in the cold air? Plus, I didn't want to get my shoes wet.

But just ahead the sidewalk turned into a path into the open space and hooked right to run alongside a large pond. The pond's surrounded by tall grass and cattails, and if you squat down on its shore, you're completely out of sight of the path. (Guess how I know that?) I resolved to hold out 'til then. The last hundred yards was a real challenge. No one was in sight, so I kept one hand pressed between my legs as I practically sprinted down the muddy path. I hustled off the path into the tall grass, following a trampled deer trail. I reached a ditch where snow still lingered and went into a deep squat facing back toward the path. Yes, I was hidden, as long as no one else had the same idea as I.

I quickly positioned my phone where it'd pick up the action and entered a fruitless final struggle, clenching against the coming tide not because I hoped to halt it but for the sheer pleasure of trying. Before long, the first trickle escaped. Shining beads of clear piss showed through my thin shorts instantly. I gave up the fight and the trickle became a nonstop hot gush. It melted the snow beneath me on contact, which was fun to watch.

Here's the video I captured; sound on for narration!

I also took a couple of pics; nudity cw

.

Moments after I stopped pissing, the dark mark was already practically invisible.

(God, I love these shorts!) It blended in completely by the time I resumed my run. My poor ass was freezing cold all the way home, though!

After this little adventure, I took a break from omo until my husband came home from work. I'd been hinting to him via text that I was pretty horny, and was hoping he'd be down for some fun. Boy, did I get my wish! To be continued...?

