The damp basement

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2020-06-18 01:33

Good evening, folks! I'm a long-time lurker here and I love reading everyone's stories. I've thought about sharing some of my own adventures with you all, but they've been nothing special -- peeing outdoors, wetting my pants while standing in the tub, that kinda thing. I thought I'd better wait 'til I had a story truly worth telling.

Well, folks, I finally do.

To properly set the scene, I must describe two things for you: Myself and my office.

I'm 5'3" and -- might as well flatter myself -- compactly curvy; I'd like to think all the workouts I do show. I've got very short golden hair in a masculine cut, blue eyes and glasses with thick dark-blue frames. In terms of style, I can never decide whether I want to go full butch or split the difference between femme and masc (you know, sundresses with Chuck Taylors and no makeup, that kinda thing). On this particular day, I'd chosen the latter.

My office building is OLD and largely unoccupied. Upstairs doesn't matter for this story, though -- it's all about the basement. The basement is large and packed with disused equipment, some cluttering the floors and some shoved onto long rows of shelves. A small area at one end has been kept clear for receiving and shipping out deliveries, but the rest, best I can tell, no one ever ventures into. The floor is concrete and gets damp every time it rains; a musty odor hangs over everything. Thanks to a rigorous spraying schedule, there are no spiders or other creepy-crawlies (though generally I don't mind spiders).

Occasionally, when I'm bored, I'll poke around in the basement. On one such expedition I discovered a collection of broken office chairs: chair backs without seats and seats without backs, random armrests, etc., all covered in dust. This discovery sparked a fantasy -- one I wasn't sure I'd ever be bold enough to bring to life. The circumstances would have to be exactly right.

And on this particular Friday, they were. It was just past 5 p.m. My few coworkers had headed home, and I knew there wouldn't be any deliveries until late at night. It had rained the day before and the basement was still damp in the corners. I was wearing a dress ... and I was desperate to pee.

One more thing about me: I'm an absolute tea addict. Every morning I brew up a massive thermos of hot tea (usually Bigelow's American Breakfast, for the added caffeine) and then drink it all day long at work. Sometimes I'll drink a couple glasses of water, too. In other words, I'm well-hydrated, and I've gotten into the habit of visiting the restroom whenever I feel the slightest tingles of urgency. My ability to hold it has suffered.

So when I say I needed to go -- I needed to GO! With no coworkers left to see me, I was dancing in my seat. My desperation lent me courage (and horniness), so I put my plan into action. First, I grabbed a large cup and filled it with water. I slipped off my underwear and stuck it into one pocket, and put a wad of toilet paper in the other. Then I headed downstairs.

I beelined for the darkest, dampest corner of the basement -- it's completely blocked from view by shelves and piles of junk. On the way, I grabbed the seat from an old broken office chair. It was your basic foam seat, covered with ugly green woven fabric. I held it in one hand, and held myself with the other. I noticed that the floor was still visibly damp where rainwater had seeped in through the cracked foundation. My confidence that I would get away with this grew to 100%.

Dancing in place a little, I set the seat down on top of a cinderblock already conveniently located in the corner. I froze for a moment as I heard some people walk past outside, laughing and talking, but reminded myself there was no way they could see in. Then I spread my skirt and lowered myself onto the seat, my heart pounding with excitement, my cunt damp with arousal.

I enjoy peeing and wetting in many forms, but I have a specific Thing for peeing slowly onto something absorbent, letting my piss soak in before it can splatter off onto the ground. That was my goal here. Almost immediately I let out a little spurt of piss. The green fabric darkened to forest instantly. Another spurt soon followed, and the dark splotch expanded. By now my bladder had caught up with my brain and was eager to let loose, so my next spurt lasted a little too long and my pee started dripping down onto the concrete. I worked those kegel muscles and managed to cut myself off for a moment... then decided hell, might as well let it loose. Piss poured out of me, flooding off the seat and onto the floor. I stood up slightly so I'd have a better view and enjoyed watching the way my pee pooled and flowed.

As my stream died down, I realized how horny I was. I leaned against the wall and got myself off before wiping and pulling my underwear back on. I took a quick picture of the puddle. Then I dumped the water over my puddle to dilute any potential odor and headed out the door carrying the seat (with its wet side facing toward myself), depositing in the dumpster in the alley where it'd blend in with the rest of the garbage -- which it is; I'd like to think I did the company a favor by finally throwing it out.

It's by far the riskiest piss I've ever taken -- and I got away with it, too. But I can't stop thinking about all the other broken chairs down there, and hoping for another perfect moment.

&&

*004*2020-06-20 18:37

{{On 6/18/2020 at 11:24 AM, DouglasCande said:

Great story! Very risky and exciting! Looking forward to see more from you!

}}

I look forward to having more to share. 🙂

{{On 6/18/2020 at 5:11 PM, Tellnoone said:

I liked this, and it reminded me a lot of dreams i use to have while sleeping with a full bladder, trying to find a weird place to piss myself.

}}

I have those dreams too! Usually I end up in a bathroom but there's Something Wrong with it -- toilets are on a slope, stall walls are too small or absent...

{{On 6/18/2020 at 4:14 PM, BlueWetter said:

Very hot and naughty ❤️💦

}}

Why thank you! 🙂

