Desperation in public transport and... (photos and link to video)

Author: Public Wetter

*000*2019-05-03 18:41

(Sorry for my english, but it's not my native language;-)

My friend invite me to the grill party on his village house. The house is located 35 km from the city center.

I said him that I will use a bus to get there, becuase I want to drink alcohol. He said it's not a problem, because he and his wife are going to get there a day earlier and they can pick me up from the bus stop when I call them (the property is located 2 km from the last bus stop). So everything was clear. At this point I didn't know how long journey is waiting for me...

The day when the party were going to be was a beautiful weather. In such weather I like to wear sexy clothing to get some extra attention.

So I choose to wear my denim short shorts, tight white T-shirt and sport shoes. Women always smile when they see me in such an outfit.

That morning I have a lot things to do, and finally I get out of time. I had to get to the outskirts of the city to get the bus which take me to destination point.

That bus was going only one time every two hours. I should be on place at 3 pm, so I need to get the bus at 2:05 pm, if I would be late the next on was 4:05 pm! So I got hurry, took my backpack with clothes and shoes for bad weather and 1,5 litre bottle of water and went to the bus stop. Before leaving the house

I drink a lot because of hot and I didn't used toilet since morning. I felt a need to pee, but it was't strong and to be honest I have rather strong "valves". I get the first bus which took me from my district to city center, than I took another bus to get bus loop from which the suburban bus was starting. During this ride, which took more than hour my need to pee get stronger and I was still drinking water because of hot.

When the bus arrived on the loop there was only two minutes left - it was 2:03 pm! So I need to run to the suburban bus! That time I really needed to go, but in that moment I just wanted to not be late for suburban bus! I jumped to the bus, the engine was on and in a few seconds the driver started. I was happy that I get the bus in last moment,

I took a seat backward to the front, so I could see the back half of the bus. Then I realized that the journey is going to take something about one hour. My desperation was getting stronger. When the bus left the city on the last bus stop before heading the motorway two teens got in. They saw me and started to giggle due to my clothing I guess. They took the seats at the end of the bus. I was nervously wriggling on my seat.

Distance from the last bus stop in the city to the first one behind motorway was really big, because it took something about 15 minutes.

When the bus get to village area, the road was really bad, with a lot of bumps. It wasn't helpful to my desperation! 20 minutes before destination to the bus get another four teens, which were friends the ones from the end of the bus. Now six teens were looking at me and laughing. They were talking loud about my shorts and couldn't stop to giggle. I was embarrassed, excited and desperated in the same time. It was the time to call my friend, that I'm near our meeting point. He answered the phone and was surprised! He told me that the party is cancelled, because his wife got ill, and yesterday evening he send SMS to everyone.

I was shocked, because I didn't received his message. He said he is sorry because I need to get back and he can't help me. I thought that I will get off the bus on the last bus stop to go pee and then go back. I checked on my phone the timetable of the bus and I froze... The bus doesn't have any brake on the last stop! It just goes in the circle, so I would not have time to pee.

Next bus comes in two hours. So I decided that I can handle it. On the last bus stop teens went out, still giggling and due to my astonishment, more than 20 people get to the bus. I was still seating on the same seat, so everybody who get to the back half of the bus could clearly see me. Opposite to me a woman in her late 40's took a seat. She wasn't attractive to and little shy, but she was watching me from time to time. I was fidgetting on my seat.

My bare legs were crossed and I need to put my hand on my crotch! It was humiliating, because now everyone knew I was desperated. All the bumps on the road were like torture for me. Happily we headed the motorway and it was one of the longest 15 minutes in my life. When we got to the city again I was sure I will handle those last 10 minutes... I did but it was extremely hard. When the bus entered the loop and the driver opened the doors I started to run to the toilet.

There was another surprise - the toilet was in renovation during the weekend! There was information that on the other site of the bus loop (where tramways have last and first stop) there is replacement restroom (I don't know how to explain this - just like on concerts, such a restroom looks like a watch-box, I believe You understand what I mean). So I run to that place and I couldn't believe my eyes! There was only one restroom and there was a queue! Five people were waiting - two men and two women

(one with her daughter). I couldn't stand there and wait. I needed to move! There wasn't any good place to pee. The bus loop was surrounded by tree-way road from both sides. There was a lot of people everywhere and bus stops in diffrent directions. I didn't know what to do, and then I saw that the tramway is starting it's track. I thought that I can take a ride to another tram stop, where it will be posibility to empty my bladder. 

I get to tram and take a seat near doors. On my left side there where two young girls in they early 20's. They were trying to be polite and not to laugh from me strict in my eyes, but I knew they got fun. Only think I didn't knew was from what thay are laughing: from my clothing or from my desperation or maybe both? That time I needed to go really badly. The first few stops did not look good for peeing. We got nearer residential areas where were gas stations, cafes etc. - places where were toilets, or some bushes where I can pee. Then I felt first uncontrolable leak!

I knew I was close to wetting myself. It was so humilating and so exciting! On the one site I wanted to wet myself in that tram in sight of those girls, and on the other site I was affraid and I didn't wanted to wet the seat. I decided to leave the tram on the nearest stop. I got up and stood facing the door.

Those girls were behind my back now. I was so excited that I took my phone and started to record their reactions. The tram stopped and I got out, so did the girls!

One of them said that they should hurry up and the other replied that three minutes will not save them. We got to the pedestrian crossing and in this moment the red light came on. One of the girls ran on the other site of the street and the other one stood next to me. Now the girls were laughing openly.

I felt that another leak was hitting my tight boxer briefs. I considered to pee myself with full force to feel relief finally, but then appered the cyclist on the other site of the street and stopped next to the other girl. Over a dozen seconds later the green light came and I crossed the street. The girls turned left and

I went forward. There were fountains with a couple of kids and their parents so I went further. There was a cafe and some people on the terrace. I knew that was the final stage and that right away I wet my pants uncontrolably! I went further there was small dental clinic (which was closed during weekend) in the sam building in which was cafe (but on the other site). I was looking for some bushes or tree. Behind the buliding there was path and 50 meters away there was 24h shop which was open. There was no time to made good decision. Pee started to flow to my briefs! I knew that I don't have enough time to unzip my shorts and put out my penis from biefs, before pee is going to flow with full force. So I decided to seat opposite the dental clinic and to wet myself but saving my shoes...

I made a short video:

%https://pl.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph5ccc5992411db

Then I took walk of shame in my wet shorts, because there wasn't place to change my clothes.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2019-05-16 20:11

Thanks for comments.

I'm planning some desperation on weekend, so stay tune!

