Intense Rapid Desperation Hold

Author: Pisaj

*000*2024-04-16 06:00

Hello everyone. Recently, I finally got some time alone to be able to do a hold, and decided to partake in rapid desperation. I wasn't planning on wetting at all, but decided to dress for the occasion, anyways. I chose a generic pair of blue men's skinny jeans, and put them on over my black boxer briefs, which were pretty tight fitting. I also ended up putting on a belt that went pretty tight around my bladder and would be difficult to take off, should I loose control. Even though I wasn't planning on wetting, I like to do stuff like this for the thrill of it, you know? After putting on my clothing, I got started with the preparation. My goal here was to last at least an hour from the start of the hold, which is something I was never able to accomplish before. Normally, I'd loose control about 40-50 minutes into the hold.

Anyways, I started by drinking a cup of water once every hour for four hours and using the bathroom as soon as I felt the urge to go. On the last hour of preparation, I would drink a cup of water every fifteen minutes, still using the bathroom in the same manner. At this point, my urine was pretty much completely clear. This means that the preparation was very successful! Once the holding hour began, I drank a cup of water at the start. The preparation was finally complete and it was time to prepare for an hour of pleasant masochism.

During the holding hour, I would continue to drink a cup of water every fifteen minutes. The difference here being that I'm not using the bathroom at all, of course. The first ten minutes were completely fine. I was sitting down and simply relaxing. At fifteen minutes in, I went and drank another cup of water and continued the hold. However, at around 20 minutes in, I was starting to feel the familiar pang in my bladder. It wasn't bad at all at this point, but it was enough to shoot a jolt of excitement through me. Something about being stuck in relatively tight fitting clothing, knowing that I would essentially be trapped in them with a bursting bladder, knowing that there is a risk that they might be ruined, tends to make me feel this way. Not to mention my belt, which was accenting my need to go. I was also able to feel the water just rushing into my bladder. It was almost as if i could feel it stream into there.

Things continued like this for a bit, but around the 25 minute mark, I noticed that I was starting to grab myself a little. My urge to go was already starting to feel significantly worse. Probably at around a 6/10. The holding was mostly for comfort, but my bladder was already sending me pretty good signs of discomfort. At the 30 minute mark, I got up and went to grab another cup of water. Drinking the water, I would feel the liquid running down my body like a waterfall, and right into my bladder. A very cold and satisfying feeling, I must say. I sat back down, and decided to distract myself with my phone for a bit.

However, at around the 40 minute mark, my urge increased to a solid 8/10. I was now squeezing my legs together in my chair, fidgeting like crazy, and constantly had my hand on my crotch. I was now at the point where if I relaxed for at least a second, I would start peeing. I also noticed that I was starting to suppress leaks, which was made easier due to me holding myself with my hand. My bladder was starting to feel like a rock inside of me, being pushed in and squeezed by my belt.

At 45 minutes, I would get up to go get my final cup of water. Walking there was hell of a task on its own. I had to walk slowly while keeping my legs together and squeezing myself through my pants. Drinking the water was complete torture. I had to hold on very tightly as to not loose it right there. When I went to go sit back down, the action pushed on my bladder and nearly made me loose control. At around 48 minutes, I finally felt my first leak slip through. It was a few drops at most, but I still felt it, and most of all, I felt the amazing thrill of it. At 50 minutes I was at a solid 10/10. I was shaking and squeezing myself through my jeans for dear life; doing everything in my power as to not leak. After about five minutes, I was at an 11/10.

Every now and then I would feel my control slip for a split second, and a little bit of pee would leak out of me. I was sitting, squeezing myself with my arms outstretched, enjoying every bit of this. I was very determined to reach the hour mark, and I wasn't gonna let my bladder stop me.

Finally, my alarm would ring. I have done it! I have reached the hour mark! Now it was time to get up. The moment I got up out of my chair, my leaks skyrocketed in frequency. I would start to dribble and spurt about once every three steps. I finally made it to the bathroom, which isn't far from my room, stood in front of the toilet, quickly undid my belt and my pants, and let go the strongest torrent of pee I have ever released voluntarily. It was like a firehose and it felt fantastic! I could not help but tilt my head back, close my eyes, open my mouth, and sigh deeply as I was peeing. I ended up peeing for a minute and 36 seconds (I timed that too), and let me tell you: it was insanely pleasurable. After I finished, I checked the damage.

The crotch area of my underwear was very damp, but my jeans ended up staying mostly dry somehow. At least on the outside. I would then get undressed, and go lay down and replay the entire thing in my mind. Overall, this was extremely enjoyable, and I hope it was an enjoyable read too. Thank you.

