Two Nice Desperation Experiences

Author: PCPietaster

*000*2010-09-28 00:43

I've been interested in desperation since as long as I can remember, but I have very rarely encountered anything really good in real life, there are two instances that stick out though.

I used to have a long distance girlfriend who lived about 5 hours away from my house, Id call her every day to talk to her several times, and we would usually talk about our day. Anywho, one day, she was working at hallmark, and called me, she was on her period, and she really needed to pee, but she had no extra tampons with her, so she refused to use the bathroom. She sounded really desperate on the phone, and she had to work for another 5 hours or so. She had a really small bladder, and I remember hoping desperately that when I called her that night she would of had an accident. Sadly, she didn't, but I did get the pleasure of hearing her relieve herself on the phone.

Another incident happened when I was in high school, I was in the drama club, and we worked every day after school on our yearly musical every year right up until about February when wed put on the show. Anyways, one day, during hell week(the week before the play is put on) we were all sitting around eating pizza, and someone told a really funny joke, one girl laughed so hard that she went and pissed her pants right there. It was the first time I had actually witnessed an attractive girl have an accident, even if it wasn't out of desperation.

*006*2010-09-30 04:22

{{ 

Lol i never got how you can have an accident while laughing never happened to me 
}}

Ive encountered this thing multiple times, but only once in person, and this was the person I mentioned in highschool. My ex was known to do it on multiple occasions, but that was a long distance relationship soooo. Anyways, girls of smaller stature (around 5 feet, like my ex and this girl) seem to have smaller bladders and much less control.

{{ 

The girl must have wanted to sink right through the floor, plus, it's high school..... 

}}

No one laughed at her, no one humiliated her, the drama club was kind of a tight knit community, some girl gave her a pair of her own pants and we continued without mentioning it again.

I guess I'm lucky to have seen it at least once, I thought this sort of thing was more common, but I don't think I'd ever be able to try to convince a girlfriend to do anything similar, and I prefer real genuine accidents over just letting go.

*008*2010-10-04 02:00

{{ 

You know I have a sneaking suspicion that it wasn't completely accidental.

}}

Perhaps, but I think it was, the girl in question is extremely prude and I don't think even if she was in to it she woulda done it in public.

