Bathroom’s Closed at Wrestling Meet

Author: Princesspantys

*000*2022-02-17 04:58

For reference, I’m an 18 y/o girl, brunette hair, curvy frame. I have d-cups, some nice thighs, and green eyes 🙂

My boyfriend is the captain of the wrestling team. He’s been wrestling for damn near forever, and so I make a point of going to all of his meets, because I know how much he loves the sport 😄 + I have nothing against watching him pin other guys in skin tight clothes…nothing at all 😉

Only problem is: wrestling meets last forevvvverrr. Thankfully, I came to this one late. I had come from my job. I am a figure skating coach! In order to perform at my level I need to stay hydrated in order to keep up. I didn’t use the restroom before leaving work, given that I figured they’d have restrooms there. But as the meet dragged on, and my bladder got fuller, I started to lose hope. This sounds like something out of a trashy porno, but it is completely 100% true, swear on my life.

I was sitting on the bleachers, legs crossed, trying to stop before I have an accident in front of the entire wrestling team while my boyfriend is on the mat. I really hate to miss his matches, I overheard a mom talking behind me: she said the bathrooms were closed, and she didn’t think she’d make it, so she squatted in the parking lot and peed out there. I was shocked by how brash they were, but I tried not to let my desperation show. I didn’t want to be known as the girl who peed her panties just because she couldn’t hold it for 30 minutes

When the meet concluded, and the band of my tight skating leggings was digging into my stomach and pressing on my bladder, I started asking around, tempted to start potty dancing right there. Apparently a pipe had burst, and they had to close the bathrooms for the day. I was panicked. If he didn’t get out of the locker room soon, I was going to pee myself in front of an entire gym full of people. Not only that, he’d have to come back to it after the meet! I could feel myself spasming during the meet. I couldn’t see the damage, but I knew my leggings were at least a little darker. I felt like a little girl. I was sorely wishing I could have worn a pad that day. Anything to soak up some of the leaks I knew had to be happening.

But then I saw the entrance to the locker room, and was desperate enough to say ‘fuck it.’ I waddled over to the locker room, trying not to gush all over the floor, and navigating throughout the hallways. I tried the sinks and the water was definitely off, but the shower drains looked mighty tempting. I couldn’t hold it anymore. If I had, I definitely would have pissed myself on the bleachers, with the entire school to gawk at me. Instead, I hurried undid my leggings, crouched over the shower drain, and let loose. At this point, my pussy was puffy and wet. As much as I didn’t want to admit it, the idea kind of got to me. If I was wearing a skirt, I gladly would have peed all over the seats, ideally without anyone noticing. But instead, my legs were shaking as I pissed into the shower drain, and I watched my as stream disappear on the tiles. I didn’t even bother closing the curtain I was so desperate.

When I had finished my business, I looked down at my panties. They were stained a bright and glistening yellow in the middle, as were my pants. The amount I had leaked into them surprised me. Did I really have to go potty that bad? Apparently my mind thought I could hold it, but my body didn’t want to listen. I think this is pretty common for me. Anyone who follows me knows how easily I leak throughout the day sjdjdjd

Maybe I need to invest in some diapers lol

Anyway, crisis averted, I went the rest of the day without an accident. But I definitely got some well-needed care from my boyfriend later that day 😉

