First Journey to the Men's Room!

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-10-01 09:18

Hey everyone!! Not too long ago, I wrote a post asking how I might gain access to the men's room, that I might scout it out and, some day, maybe attempt to use a urinal. I finally bit the bullet and, while I haven't yet tried the urinal, I did explore a men's room and even did some...unorthodox...peeing!!

The day after I wrote the post referred to above, I began looking around for some viable bathrooms for my adventure. I am still too timid to sneak into an interior restroom, so I primarily narrowed it down to gas stations and parks. Unfortunately, it seems like most of the parks in my area lock up in the evening. The gas stations, however, do not. I found one such station not too far from my apartment that has exterior single-occupancy bathrooms. Immediately, I knew this would be my first target.

Last night, I finally worked up the gumption and committed myself. Around 11:30PM, I began chugging tons of water, figuring that if I'm going to explore the men's room, I'm going to empty my bladder in there one way or another. In case something came up where I needed to dispel my urine stores quickly, discretely, and cleanly, I swapped out of my jeans into a cute skirt and forewent the panties.

Around midnight to 12:15, I could feel the urge approaching. Excited, albeit a bit nervous, I jumped into my car and sped off. Within minutes, I pulled into the gas station parking lot, the pressure steadily increasing, though still not urgent. It occurred to me that it might be a bit strange to drive up, enter the wrong bathroom, and then speed off into the night, so I parked and waited for the song on the radio to end (Sweet Child O' Mine, anyone? ). Once it concluded, I entered the gas station store and paced around inconspicuously.

I meandered to the back of the store and perused their drink selection. I wasn't yet bursting, but, under normal circumstances, I definitely would've gone to relieve myself. I glanced at my watch...12:35. I grabbed a bottle of water because, hey, if you're going to commit, why not jump in with both feet? I took the bottle to the guy at the register, trying not to fidget too much. He was in the middle of something, so it took him a minute to respond.

As the seconds passed, tick by tick, I felt my bladder filling, drip by drip. As I began to wonder if he noticed me standing there, he finally looked up and asked if I were ready to check out. I set aside my urge to make a sarcastic remark in the name of getting out quickly. With a yawn, he handed me my bottle of water. By then, I was shuffling uncomfortably from foot to foot. I don't think he noticed. I briefly fantasized about the possibility of letting loose right there in front of him and how he might respond. A grown woman peeing all over herself right in front of him, forming a giant pool right in the middle of the gas station. I smirked and went with my better judgment to not go that far. As I made my way to the door, I groped myself briefly. I was desperate now. I glanced at my watch 12:45.

I progressed to my car and sat on the hood, facing away from the station and road so I could chug my water and hold myself without attracting attention. I only downed about a quarter of the bottle. I couldn't bring myself to drink any more as I sat there, dancing in place, about to pee all over the parking lot. "Okay, now!" I thought to myself. I rose and walked around the side of the station.

"Good," I muttered under my breath, "The coast is clear." My pace quickened, as did my heart rate, as I approached the restrooms. I wasn't even trying to hide that my hand was firmly planted between my legs. I stopped between the doors for the men's room and the women's room. I looked at them both, my heart pounding, each pulse an insult to my urinary tract. Looking back, I probably would've chickened out, but between the urgency to urinate clouding my mind, and the knowledge that I'd never make it home without wetting in my car, I finally bolted for the door of the men's room. I pounded it open, the light flicking on as the door swung. I immediately slammed the door behind me and locked it. Isolated at last.

I broke into a huge smile as my eyes fell onto the urinal before me, but the smile dissipated slightly when I recognized the state of the bathroom. It was utterly filthy. Are all men's rooms like this? There was what I presumed to be pee all over the floor and lip of the urinal (which probably would've turned me on if I weren't in such an agonizing need to add my own). I knew I wasn't ready to try a urinal (my experiments in the shower revealed I need significant training), so, shaking from both excitement and desperation, I rushed over to the seated toilet, my feet splashing gently in the cold fluid on the floor. 

With one look at the seat, however, I knew it wasn't going to be an option. To any guys reading this, honestly, is it common practice to just pee wherever you want in the bathroom? It appeared as though the last gent didn't even aim. I doubled over in desperation, nearly letting out a spurt. "Okay," I thought, "The toilet's not an option. The urinal's not an option. I'm not even going to look at the trash can. That leaves the floor." I urgently raised my skirt and nearly released when my eyes fell onto a different option...the sink.

I giggled like a little girl and dashed over to it. It's sunken into a counter, so I clamored on top, careful not to bump my abdomen on the way. I had barely positioned my lower half over it and raised up my skirt when I finally succumbed to the desperate pleas of my bladder. Almost instantaneously, a warm jet of clear urine spat from between my labia. Pee splattered violently into the basin of the sink as a wave of relief rushed over me, sending chills throughout my entire body. Goosebumps emerged on my arms and I laughed with delight as I looked over at the urinal beside me. "Unbelievable," I thought. I hovered my butt over that sink for what felt like forever, pee jetting out relentlessly. I glanced up at the mirror in front of me and howled with laughter at the ridiculous sight of myself. I had a full view of everything, the pee glistening as it shot out from my lady bits.

Finally, the last few trickles came to a halt. I glanced up at the mirror again, briefly savoring the comical (and honestly, pride-inducing) sight. Then I realized that, in my frenzy, I neglected to acquire toilet paper. I let myself down from the counter and hobbled over to the TP dispenser, this time, a bit more careful to avoid the puddles on the floor. I grabbed a wad and wiped, letting my hand linger a bit longer than necessary, giving some attention to the tingling feminine anatomy below. I threw my used toilet paper into the trash can and washed my hands, grinning at myself in the mirror. I opened the door cautiously, looking to see if anyone was lingering around. Clear. I made a dash to my car and drove home, celebrating my first adventure into the men's room!!

My next goal is to master standing to pee in the shower!! [Penis envy intensifies]

*007*2017-10-03 06:07

{{On 10/1/2017 at 6:00 AM, davel said:

Whoa, what an adventure! Well done! And no, certainly not all men's rooms are like that, I actually often hear from friends working in bars that the women's are actually more filthy often. ;)

}}

{{On 10/1/2017 at 6:06 AM, OmoCommando said:

Sounds more like you encountered a restroom that just never gets cleaned. And hey, I've encountered women's toilets that were literally clogged with used pads. You gals can be just as bad sometimes ._.

}}

Okay...to be fair, you're right. I've been into some pretty atrocious ladies' rooms, too. This was a pretty poor first impression for me and it certainly lived up to the stereotype though, haha, but it was a blast nonetheless .

{{On 10/1/2017 at 6:00 AM, davel said:

So, what's next? Some training I guess? :P

}}

You bet! I'm going to master that urinal! ...or at least add to the puddles underfoot in an attempt...

{{On 10/1/2017 at 6:50 AM, amberpee said:

I have read your other stories and your writing style and level of detail I believe can only be matched by a small few on this site. You are rapidly becoming one of my favorite story tellers. Thank you for regaling us with your adventures, and may you have many more to share!

}}

Thank you!! I really appreciate it! I'm glad you're enjoying reading them as much as I enjoy writing them!

{{On 10/1/2017 at 7:27 PM, crazycatgirl3 said:

Awesome i still havent peed in a sink

}}

You should give it a shot! It's pretty thrilling! And definitely different, hahaha.

*013*2017-10-09 03:34

{{On 10/5/2017 at 1:38 PM, hydroStorm said:

Can't help but not a bit of irony of complaining about piss on a bathroom floor then immediately almost deciding to piss on the floor :p

}}

Hahaha, you're not wrong. Although, I figured it was drenched enough, a little more wouldn't hurt

