A thread of wet pants

Author: peedmypants

*000*2023-09-12 00:36

It appears I can no longer make the hour drive home without peeing myself so I'm gonna take a picture every time I have a leak or accident and post it here.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*001*2023-09-12 01:04

Didn't take long for the next leak. Between myself, a baby, and a 16 year old dog, we go through some potty pads.

&&

*003*2023-09-12 01:20

{{15 minutes ago, peedmypants said:

Didn't take long for the next leak. Between myself, a baby, and a 16 year old dog, we go through some potty pads.

}}

Forgot to upload the shorts

&&

*006*2023-09-12 10:40

{{3 hours ago, nappypants said:

Which of you is the most incontinent? 😉

}}

Gonna go with the baby. The dog and I make it outside occasionally lol.

*008*2023-09-12 17:48

I have tried but it's not for me constantly. I use them at home if we have company but I don't like the way I feel in them. The pads work well enough for now.

*010*2023-09-13 00:29

{{1 hour ago, Dirtyswags said:

What kind of diapers have you tried?

}}

The Amazon basics brand and then whatever brand they used in the hospital after I had my baby.

Almost made it all the way home. I wore dark pants today so there wasn't a visible wet spot unless your face was in my crotch.

&&

&&

*013*2023-09-13 13:38

{{6 hours ago, nappypants said:

A proper tape-fastening diaper is something else, much different to a low-capacity pull-up (I know, you may have worn a taped diaper in the hospital but if so it was probably a cheap medical supply brand). In a decent quality one you can wet yourself freely for hours with no worries about leaks.

}}

I'll have to look into it. The ones in the hospital were tape fastened but I'm not sure if I hated them because of the feel or because of the circumstances surrounding it. I ordered some tena ones a couple weeks ago but haven't tried them.

*014*2023-09-13 13:45

{{7 hours ago, Dirtyswags said:

Check into Northshore they have decent items there maybe they'd feel better unless its not something your into. Just a thought. Nice wet patch!!! 😋 Do you work long hours?

}}

I work 10s but my evening drive can add 1-2 hours depending on traffic. My city is ranked 3rd for commute time spent in traffic so even though the drive is 20miles there's usually a fair number of shenanigans along the way. I'm not sure if I'm into it or not. I had no experience with diapers until giving birth. The reason I had to use them in the hospital wasn't voluntary and I absolutely hated it so I'm unsure if using them now is a turn off or if it's because it brings back the memories of being completely helpless and having multiple urinary catheters placed lol.

*017*2023-09-13 19:24

{{57 minutes ago, nappypants said:

Did they put you in a nappy after giving birth as a standard procedure, or because you were suffering from incontinence?

}}

Standard procedure at first but it was just disposable underwear and the large pad. I couldn't pee after they took the first cath out, they recathed me, and we repeated that 3 times. The last time they removed it I had the opposite problem and would void my entire bladder whenever I moved so they put me in the diapers until I got into pelvic floor therapy.

{{5 hours ago, Dirtyswags said:

I work(industrial maint)alot of 12s 7 days 2 am starts with about a 23min drive mostly all country and I travel 1 highway which is almost never packed. I gotten in diapers started out with some pull ups then went to tape-on. Some definitely feel alot more comfortable than others. Under your circumstances I could see why you'd feel like that. But if it's not for you then it wasn't ment to be. FYI i was dry all yesterday 😒

}}

Dry days are most unfortunate.

&&&&

*020*2023-09-13 23:11

Leaked during lunch earlier

&&

*022*2023-09-14 20:32

I sneezed while sitting down.

&&

&&

&&

&&

