Desperate girl at campus

Author: purlypuff

*000*2021-01-01 23:25

Hi everyone, this is the first experience I post here. I'm in the process of writing down another experience that will come soon hopefully.

Just a heads up, this is a pretty short story, nothing major happened but it's kind of a sweet wholesome story that happened to me a few months ago.

I'm in my third year of uni and was studying at the campus one evening. The building I was in at the time has these small open areas where the corridors intersects where you can sit down and study. I like to go there to study in the evening because there aren't many people around. On this perticular day I got there at around 9 PM. There aren't many people around that late but there was one other girl in the study area. I don't really know her but I recognised her, I have seen her around campus a few times. She is in her first year and she's pretty much always studying. She was wearing a pair of light blue jeans and a navy blue hoodie with our university logo on it. Her blond hair was in a ponytail and she has these really cool cute glasses with transparent frames.

I sat down a few tables away, facing her. She had one of those stay hydrated glass water bottles that she was drinking from. I remember that because it made a noise every time she opened the lid and it was honestly a bit annoying haha. I didn't think too much of it though since I really needed to get an essay done.

After a while of writing she got up from her seat and headed towards the toilets. The toilets are right next to the study area. When she turned the handle the door was locked. She tried the two other toilets but they were also locked. I knew this because the janitor locks the bathrooms when he is done cleaning them for the evening. If you want to use the bathroom after 8 PM you have to go to another building that is open till midnight. I figured she probably didn't know this considering this was her first year.

"The janitor locks the toilets when he's done cleaning" I said.

"Oh.. Ok, thanks" she said with a slightly concerned look on her face as she went back to her table.

I told her,

"The Galileo Building is open till midnight if you have to go"

"Oh no it's fine, thanks anyway" she replied.

My inner omo senses was of course tingling with excitement by the thought of having even the slightest chance of witnessing a wetting. But at the same time I didn't really want her to have an accident. I would be excited if it happened but I wasn't going to make her pee herself.

Half an hour later she had drank up all her water and was now bouncing a little bit in her chair. Nothing extreme but enough to be noticeable.

Another 40 - 50 minutes went by and she was starting to really need to go by the looks of it. She was now more fidgety, crossing and uncrossing her legs a lot. As someone who has a "small bladder" and has been desperate quite a few times I couldn't help but to feel a bit bad for her. I know I probably should have been excited but this poor innocent girl is in her first year of uni, she's a bit shy, a bit insecure. The thought of being in her situation and potentially having an accident in front of a third year student makes me shiver with anxiety and embarrassment. I didn't want to make her embarrassed so I didn't say anything. I just tried to focus on my own studies.

This got very difficult 30 minutes later though. She suddenly leaned forward with her legs crossed and put her hand between her legs. She must have had to go pretty badly now. I couldn't stay quiet anymore I felt too bad for her.

"Are you gonna be ok? The Galileo building is still open" I said.

She looked really embarrassed. I don't think she realised I had noticed how badly she needed to go.

"I don't think I know where the Galileo building is" she replied with a quiet, rather insecure sounding voice. The poor girl didn't even know where it was and I guess she was too afraid to ask earlier.

"That's okay, I'll show you" I said with a supportive voice.

"You don't have to do that" she replied quietly.

"Come on, let's go" I replied with a smile on my face to look as kind as possible to make her feel comfortable. Eventually she agreed although she was embarrassed I don't think she had any other choice. As she got up from her seat she kept one and between her legs.

On our way to the bathrooms she stopped every once in a while and leaned forward with her hands between her legs squirming a bit.

We finally reached the toilets and she half sprinted into a stall as she started to unbutton her pants. I took the opportunity to go as well and went into the stall next to hers. I could hear her pee hitting the toilet bowl and water. After what felt like ages she finally came out of her stall looking much more relaxed.

And that's where the story ends. I know it might not have ended the way you wanted but sometimes that's just the reality of real life.

Anyway I hoped you enjoyed the read

*003*2021-01-03 23:54

{{On 1/2/2021 at 3:50 PM, Jekkil said:

Thanks for sharing @purlypuff

. It's a very sweet story. I'm like you: when something like this happens, part of me would like to witness a wetting but the other part would feel very baf for the person if that happened.

Has something similar ever happened to you?

}}

Not necessarily that I didn't know where the toilets were but there has been plenty of times when I didn't want to use the toilet. Like on trains or planes etc. never liked those toilets

*005*2021-01-04 10:02

{{5 hours ago, robotdujour said:

Did you introduce yourself to her? I wonder if she'd be a fun person to befriend and see if she's regularly "waity" lol

}}

Haha, I don't think she wants to talk to me after that. She seemed pretty embarrassed about the whole situation. But who knows I might see her around campus and try to start a conversation.

*007*2021-01-05 00:01

{{5 hours ago, wettingman said:

This is an excellent, well written story thank you for sharing. Most of all I look for realism in the pee stories I enjoy. It would be less exciting if you embellished the ending. Almost or just made it is fine if I don't know what the end result is ahead of time.

It was kind of you to help her out . It appears that if you hadn't intervened she would have been even more embarrassed because she wet her pants.

Although I enjoy desperation and wetting , not so much humiliation. I don't know if I would have been as bold as you but I probably would try to help someone in this situation.

I look forward to reading more of your stories. You relate them well

}}

Aw I'm so glad you liked it!

I wasn't gonna say anything about it at first but I felt like I had to. Yeah I think most people would try to help no matter how into omo you are haha

*012*2021-01-14 00:03

{{On 1/11/2021 at 8:52 PM, sammilove said:

Such a good story! I'm glad she made it! Its nice to hear about these kinds of stories from time to time. Is it someone you see regularly?

}}

Glad you liked it, it's not really someone I see that often. I see her around from time to time but haven't spoken to her since

