My First Daytime Accident

Author: Pretty In Pink

*000*2022-03-20 22:35

Decided to take a stab at writing about my accident this afternoon.

We were returning home from a quick weekend trip, just a little over an hour drive. I considered putting on a diaper for the drive, but was waiting for my wifey to gently touch my arm and suggest “maybe you should put on your diaper before we leave”.

Alas, the moment never came and I lacked the courage to make the suggestion myself. So we left for home, diaper-less and vulnerable to my bladder’s merciless will.

As we merged onto the interstate I could already feel an urge beginning to build. I kept telling myself it was only an hour drive, I could make it. But 20 minutes into our drive the big one hit me like a ton of bricks.

“We need to stop at the next restroom.”

My wife could hear the tremble in my voice and knew I was on a countdown. She accelerated and asked if I could make it five more miles. I nodded and crossed my legs, the only thing I could do to keep the flood at bay.

Five miles later and we’re pulling into the nearest fast food restaurant off the interstate. I am completely focused on not losing control at this point, leaving a small reserve of brainpower to navigate myself to the restroom.

I threw open the door, pitter-pattering to the front doors, I’m going to make it. Then I hear our car honking; I have the car keys in my sweatshirt pocket and the engine is still running. Betrayed by modern technology!

This break in my concentration was all it took. I turned around to throw my wife the car keys and felt the warm stream running down my sweatpants. I threw the keys and turned my attention back to the Golden Arches.

I’m now sprinting since I can’t stop the flow. The only thing going for me is my weak stream; it would probably take a minute or two to empty my bladder.

I stumbled into the mens room and eyeballed the nearest open urinal. My bladder knows I’m in a bathroom now and it starts to betray me, increasing the pressure of the stream.

Why did I tie my drawstring so tight? Finally the knot is undone and my penis is free. I’m audibly moaning from the relief. How long have I been moaning? I don’t know but right now I’m in my own little slice of heaven in this filthy roadside restroom.

Once the flow has slowed to a trickle I immediately become aware of my surroundings. A wave of relief washes over me when I realize I’m the only one in the restroom. But what’s the damage?

The bottom of my sweatshirt is wet from the stream when I withdrew my penis from my waistband. My grey sweatpants have the classic pants wetting stain running down my crotch and both legs. Anyone who sees me like this will know I wet myself.

At this point all I can do is gather up some paper towels to sit on for the rest of the trip home and make a mad dash back to the car. I put my hood up, counted to three and opened the door to make my escape.

My head was down in shame and I could hear a woman laughing as I exited the front door. Could have been anything but I suspect the laughter was at my expense.

My wife is very sympathetic when I get back in the car. She knows I did the best I could. She gives me a pat on the arm and tells me it will be okay.

I spent the remainder of the trip sitting in my mess with my head bowed low. While the situation is incredibly exciting in retrospect, it was a legitimately humiliating experience at the time.

I’m seeing my primary care physician this week to discuss my daytime bladder issues for the first time (she already is aware of my bed wetting). I’ll try and document my upcoming medical visits. Thanks for reading.

