Military school experience

Author: Pondera

*000*2019-03-28 13:59

This is the first time I've written about myself and an experience of mine on these boards, and I figure it'd be a good way to get my feet wet, pun not intended, with the community. So, introducing myself would be a good first step to that end. I'm a Korean-Japanese mix leaning slightly more toward Korean with just the tiniest splash of Russian and Philippine islander (thank you, 23andme), am just under 5 feet tall, I hate cutting my hair which has always been super dark black, and I weigh about 100 lbs. Honestly, there's just not very much to me physically, and I think that lies partly in how I was born.

I was born dreadfully premature. How much, I'm not exactly sure, but it was touch and go for a while there on whether I'd make it or not. My lungs were stuck together, and a tracheal intubation procedure had to be done to inflate them with oxygen. It saved my life, but it also crippled me. I've never been able to speak a day in my life.

Now, telling you all that is NOT to illicit pity, but I did have to tell that part of my story so you can understand the context of the rest of this. Long story short, I was never really able to make friends or socialize at all because of my condition, and that kind of thing tends to make one bitter. I was on the verge of being thrown out of public school, flunking, or both, but that's when my family heard about this particular military school that promised that any who completed the 6 month course would obtain their GED. And it might fix my various personality problems which, let us not mince words, I was a bitch at 18.

My first experiences there were... interesting. They'd never encountered someone like me before, and I was soon exempt from various verbal responsibilities and would complete the course provided I followed all over orders. I was issued a notepad for communication as ASL interpreters were rather hard to come by. A fact that led to be not being that great at it to this very day.

The classroom experiences, while worlds better than public school were DRY. Like, rather unbelievably boring. And combined with the fact that we got up early enough to know the face of dawn on a first name basis (his name is “asshole,” btw), this led to the danger of falling asleep in class. Not something smiled upon by the powers that be. Military level discipline was expected of us, and harsh punishments were issued otherwise.

So, we were given sage advice: to drink water and splash our faces to stay awake. Enter, your hero and mine, the united states army issue 1 quart water canteen.

I don't know what they do to these things, but the water tastes AMAZING. Wish I could get ahold of another one of these. At any rate, during a particularly difficult math class, I ended up consuming the whole thing. Now, 100 lbs girl vs 1 quart of liquid. A quart is equal to 950ml, and is about a time and a half of what a normal female bladder can hold. I'm sure you're aware that this math doesn't add up. What did not help at all was the fact that “military discipline” apparently meant that they wouldn't let us leave class to go to the bathroom either. So, there was I, water logged, and due to suffer for 30 more minutes, giving my kidneys plenty of time to process the newly arriving liquid.

By the time class let out, it was a full on emergency. I could feel my bladder angrily pulsing at me once every few seconds, but it was alright. We were marching back to the barracks where a toilet waited for me and my sublime relief. I would learn my lesson from this and carefully monitor my liquid intake during class from then on. Holy FUCK, I had to pee. But.... it didn't happen that way. Not immediately anyway. We stood there, in formation, at attention, for another 15 minutes. Now, for those who don't know, attention is a strict military stance. Hands at side, feet together, eyes forward, and do NOT move. 

Seriously, they know if you move. So that meant no crotch holding, no squirming, no pee dancing. All I could do was keep my knees crushed together and pray that Saril saw fit to grant my nearly detonating bladder mercy. It was the longest 15 minutes of my life,and with every tick of the clock, I could feel my internal control slipping a little further toward disaster. I have no idea how they didn't notice me shaking like a leaf in a tornado. I'm pretty sure I cried a bit toward the end. It was kind of horrible but in a turn-me-on kind of way too when I look back upon it.

Finally, they saw fit to file us in, and I practically RACED inside as quick as my legs could carry me (which wasn't very). I didn't know what other orders they had for us. I didn't care. If I didn't reach the toilet first, if there was a line, if the stalls were occupied, it was over. That was it. My dignity would be running down my legs in sheets. It was then that the Goddess showed me the mercy I was praying for. I had my pick of any of the three stalls. Now, I'm sure you've seen art where the desperate victim is trembling, and my hands were doing so so badly that it was very difficult to get the button on my pants undone, making me nearly lose it right there. 

Once that was out of the way, I missed once when going to yank my underwear down (stock military issue whites. Nothing really special there), and that nearly ended me a second time. But this was a happy ending for me, and I practically flung myself onto a toilet. It's honestly rather difficult to say how long I exactly peed for, but it was long enough that those in charge of my floor went looking for me. It was such a blissful experience though that I can only barely describe it but I'll give it a shot anyway.

It started off as a spike of coolness, like some kind of really smooth ice cube being pressed to my nether region which then flowed over my whole body. It was an incredibly surreal experience. My bladder was stretched so tight that I could practically feel every single drop of liquid as it stormed out of my body in a crystal clear stream. A sign that I was properly hydrated indeed! I could feel my legs turning to jelly, and for a brief time, nothing else mattered but this. It felt good enough that it made all the torture leading up to that point worth it.

A further happy ending to this story is that I eventually did graduate from this place, and returned to my wintry northern home, GED in hand! I'd highly advise anyone, struggling in life or not, to shun public school in favor of this. It improves you as a human being, and I don't just mean that in regards to bladder control!

*007*2019-03-28 21:49

{{1 hour ago, Marco said:

Very beautiful and also a little moving. But what's left of that experience?

}}

What do you mean? I figured I reached a pretty definitive end of that story.

*009*2019-03-30 16:09

{{18 hours ago, Marco said:

Sorry, unfortunately I express myself badly in English.

I meant, if you, after this experience, appreciated pee holding.

}}

I'm not quite the adrenaline junkie that some others on these forums, but I can say that very little competes with the feeling of relieving a really really overfilled bladder. While I do occasionally do holds, I am more keen to write stories about it where my tiny tank and social life isn't on the line.

