Paid girls off dating apps to hold their peefor me

Author: pt133

*000*2025-02-06 05:11

When I was just out of high school, still living with my parents, I was wayyyy too scared to get an escort. Also probably too poor.

My parents would not be happy if I had one night stand...but if I was caught with a girl one could presume I was filling around with, my age, it wouldn't be too bad, they could rationalize it..

I was super lonely, and about to ship off to basic training. I needed some real life omo experiences to carry with me for a while.

I did a bizarre strategy. I made a anonymous Tinder account where I offered any willing girl a few hundred bucks to hold their pee and pee for me.

Actually met 1 girl who had a pee fetish but wasn't into desperation. Since it was mutual I didn't have to pay her. She did hold it for me. Sent me pics of her crossing her legs and describing her first time experience of holding. We meet up, both with full bladders. I had give me a little more of a pee dance than pee on front of me in the woods. It was a hell of a stream, she had to go bad.

Next she really wanted me to pee in her. So I put her up against a tree and peed with a boner in her. It was awkward. Probably easier on a bed than standing but she liked it enough. We had sex in a car after.

Another 2 girls I met, one did a session for me where she held it and peed for me. Showed great desperation, nice dancing. Cute chubby blonde with blue eyes, huge boobs. Real short. But a good pee holder. She was also hyper sexual. She would indulge my fetish but wanted me to have sex with her and finger her constantly. After one or two sessions I stopped paying and again, it was mutual. She actually ended up falling for me. So bizarre. I couldn't get a girl to look in my direction before, but then I solicit a sexual favor, a weird one in pee, from them and I get them giving themselves up for me and asking for relationships. So bizarre, lol.

Next girl was going through some financial hardship. She needed the money. She said she normally doesn't even put out at all. But agreed to let me watch her hold it and pee for $400. Crazy price but something about this chick drove me crazy. Real pretty face with nice cheeks and chin. Chubby as well.

She earned her money. First she drank a ton of water before bed. I warned her to be careful, she never held pee like this before. She texted me in the morning and said she hated me and it hurt lol, I was like you can go and fill up again, no big deal. Gotta wait a few hours for my parents to go to work. Nope, she held it. Awesome.

She came over. Did a seductive pee dance in front of me. Part of the high price was that I would be able to jerk off a little in front of her while she did it. She also told me of a time working at a golf course as a cart girl she really had to go and was pissed because the guys holding could just go on the trees but she had to hold it. Eventually she was like I really have to go, can we go already. So I made her take off her dress, then put it back on, to buy more holding time, then we went to the bathroom and I watched her pee.

What sucks about chubby girls is you can't see a thing when they pee. Their legs are too big and their belly is covering their lady parts or making it so dark you can't see where the pee is coming from. Sound is nice though, great stream, she was definitely holding a while.

But anyway it was a nice experience that got me through basic training. I still can't believe I got the 2 first girls to like me to the point I had to reject them, and I got pee play for free lol, and the last one was begrudging but still did it.

Anyway don't try this at home folks. Got me permabanned from Tinder. But I got a nice long term gf now so I don't need it.

