Pissed a skirt today

Author: pianoboo

*000*2016-08-09 00:48

Hey fellow omo lovers! I had a really interesting experience today that I would like to share with you. So, as the females of OmoOrg probably know, maxi-skirts are pretty trendy right now. Last Christmas, my mom got me a few of them. My favorite is a black, heavy cotton one. Today, I wore it while out on errands, grocery shopping and whatnot. I had planned on a little desperation, so I was wearing tights underneath, in case I leaked. About an hour into my expedition today, as I was leaving the local tire and auto center from getting my oil changed, the need to pee suddenly hit me with unexpected force. I was in my car, driving across town to go to Walmart. As my town is quite small, there are no other places between where I was at and Walmart to use a public restroom, but I thought I was fine. My need was only at about an 8, and the drive was about ten more minutes.

When I arrived at the Walmart, I had to sit in my car a moment with my hand in my crotch to avoid leaking. In the ten minutes it had taken to drive across town, my need had grown to a 9, and I was clenching my muscles as tightly as I could to avoid leaking. I made my way into the store, and when I arrived, the bathrooms were closed. After my initial few seconds of panic, I asked an employee nearby when they would be opened back up. He explained that the store is currently being remodeled, and the bathrooms were being moved to the back of the store, so there would not be an open bathroom for another week or two.

I cursed silently, wondering how I was going to make it. I would either have to leave the store to find a gas station nearby, or I would just have to grit my teeth and try to make it through the grocery shopping and make the ten minutes home afterwards. At that point, there was no way I was going to make it through the entire grocery list, so I opted to go about five minutes down the road to the nearest gas station, where I would have to ask an employee for the key, as the bathrooms are around back and have their own locks. I started walking back out to my car, when the first leaks hit me.

I lost control for just under two seconds, and I could feel a small wet patch on my panties and my tights, about the size of a softball. I walked a bit faster, fighting the urge to grab my crotch in the busy Walmart parking lot. When I had reached my car, I had to dig through my purse to find my keys. While I was looking for my keys, another jet shot out of me, this time lasting about four or five seconds before I got myself under control. I could feel the wetness spreading down my tights, and it was about at my knees by this point. Finally, I found my keys, and I hopped into my car and started my journey to the gas station.

As I was driving, I was in the privacy of my car, and I was able to hold myself to prevent any more leaks. I arrived at the gas station, and I quickly walked inside, shuffling with my thighs pressed together, to ask the attendant for the key. He turned around to rifle through the cabinet for the keys, and while he was doing so, despite my best efforts, another, longer jet of pee forced its way out of me. The wetness was down to my ankles, and I knew that I was about to lose it if he didn't find the key quickly.

Just as I thought I had reached my breaking point, and another jet of pee shot out of me, he turned around with the key. I rushed outside, and around the back of the gas station. As I stuck the key in the lock, I could feel the wetness growing. Pee was slowly dribbling out, and I was unable to stop. The key stuck in the lock, and no matter which way I jiggled it, would not turn! I could feel my body giving up, and I did what any sensible omo lover would do. I spread my legs wide enough so that the pee wouldn't touch my skirt, and let loose.

Pee gushed out of me in torrents, and I sighed with relief. After about two minutes my stream slowed to a tiny little trickle, and I headed back inside. I handed the attendant back the key, and informed him that it didn't work. He sheepishly took a closer look at the key, and apologized, telling me that he had instead given me the key to the stock room, and turned around to find the right one. I just assured him it was no big deal, not an emergency, thanked him, and left. I resumed my outing, knowing that I was hiding wet tights under my skirt the whole time, and it was thrilling!

*005*2016-08-14 02:27

{{8 hours ago, dampknickers said:

Us guys don't have the option of wearing a skirt so its hard for us to hide a wetting, unfortunately, Other wise I'd be wetting mine way more often ! lol

}}

It is a bit easier to hide (for guys) if you wear some tights underneath athletic pants. The athletic pants are looser, and the tights hold the pee to your legs, so that it just leaks out at the ankles.

*011*2016-08-16 00:48

{{5 hours ago, moiamigo said:

Wonderful story thanks!! Would love to hear more of your adventures!!

}}

I'm hoping to post again soon. There are many more experiences over the years!

