Pep Rally Plight

Author: Puddle bat

*000*2025-08-12 18:14

So I had a Pep rally today. It was like a celebration of the first day of college type thing.

So I wake up. And grab some breakfast at a restaurant before I get there. I get a large soda, thinking it’ll last the entire time (I finished it before I even go there)

And so I get there, I check in, and they point me in the direction of where I’m going. I end up in a hallway full of catered goods, I’m talking coffee, tea, water, juices, biscuits and such, you name it.

I end up taking an apple juice. I get to chatting with people and then I grab… another apple juice.

And then we’re funneled into an auditorium for the actual pep part of this pep rally. The band plays, people cheer, the cheerleaders do their thing, people cheer. Well it’s at this point the soda and apple juice starts hitting me.

While I’m in the middle of the row on the worlds most crowded bleachers.

Great.

If I had to guess it was only about a 3/10 but my need was growing quite fast.

Soon enough I was awkwardly crossing my legs in an attempt to discretely hold myself. It wasn’t until I was at like a 7/10 that they had us stand up for a group photo.

Standing up was awful.

Just the act of standing shot it up to what I would argue is a 9/10.

I was trying my best to not potty dance in front of everyone. So I did the tech of “hand in pocket holding myself” which worked enough to get me by.

After the group photo, they let us go to food trucks and such for meals, but I darted to the bathroom.

Unfortunately I had to climb not only the bleachers, but also a set of stairs to get to the bathrooms.

I was near the top of the stairs when I accidentally let out a spurt into my panties 0///0 but I was so close to freedom that I didn’t even bother stopping to check for any wet spots.

I got to the bathroom, unzipped my pants, and had to briefly use all my strength to hold it in while I got my underwear down.

But luckily. I made it. Barely.

But I made it.

The wet spot on my underwear was larger than I thought, but luckily only a tiny bit showed through in my jeans. But uh… the pocket I was using to hold myself was.. quite wet..

Anyway, that’s how my day went.

