Class Photo Shoot

Author: princesstess

*000*2011-04-13 23:46

This story is based on a true sighting. I have rewritten it in the first person as I so wanted to be her. Especially because between grades 6, 7, and 8. I saw her pee her panties in school 4 times and heard that she peed her panties while in line for the girls room and on the school bus twice.

I had just moved into town, so it was a new school to me and I was still a bit anxious. Because I suffer from urinary anxiety syndrome (UAS), I'm always peeing my panties...

Today we were going to have our Grade 6 class photos taken. I wore a nice ight brown tweed miniskirt suit with beige lace-trimmed nylon panties, tan tights, brown shoes and a white lace-trimmed half slip and camisole. I was feeling my UAS coming on and I was starting to really need to go as we walked to the gym. As we stepped into the gym I raised my hand. I could feel my urge to pee getting stronger as I waited for the teacher to see my hand.

“Yes, Theresa?”

“Miss Harris, May I go to the girls room?”

“Wait until after the photo is taken, it will only be a few minutes.”

My heart sank and I felt a strong urge to pee well up. Oh no... oh no... I trembled slightly as I fought the urge. I tried to take my mind off my mounting desperation as I stepped into place in the second row.

I was starting to panic. I just knew I was going to pee my panties for sure. I need the girls room! I need to go now! The urge to pee grew even stronger and my trembling became stronger in time with the contractions in my bladder. Please don't let me pee my panties. I felt like crying. I started pushing lightly into my tight miniskirt.

The hand on the clock hadn't even moved a minute and I was already trembling hard. Everybody around me knew. Oh no, I need the girls room so bad...

The class clowns were acting up and over the minute into the positioning, My trembling desperation grew stronger and stronger the feeling that I was practically peeing my panties grew stronger. I felt flushed and my eyes watered. I was now trembling violently as I desperately fought not to pee my panties.

I pressed my clasped hands into her tight skirt. Oh no, I'm going to pee my panties any second. Nancy rubbed my back and whispered “Hang on Theresa, try and relax.”

I was on the verge of peeing my panties as I was trembling more and more violently by second. Tears running down my flush cheeks

I was in absolute terror of peeing my panties. I was amazed how my desperation was escalating so fast, It was barely over three minutes since I'd been told to wait. Nancy kept whispering in my ear and rubbing my back to calm me to no avail

A strong contraction and I felt a spurt escape into my panties and tights, I let out a sob and trembled more and more violently in a desperate fight to not start totally peeing my panties. Oh no! Its happening. Another spurt, this one bigger. I let out another sob The warmth grew in my panties. Then a very long spurt shot through my panties and down my thigh. I let out a long sob as I felt my pee trickle past my hem line. Now everybody knew I was peeing my panties.

I was literally shaking apart from my violent trembling. Please let me hold it. Please let me make it. I'm going to totally pee my panties in front of everybody. Another very long spurt shot out. I could feel the warmth spread even more in my panties, down my thighs and now on my calves. The sound of my pee splatter on the floor sounded deafening. I choked back the tears and desperately fought to stop peeing my panties. I pushed my fingers hard into my tight miniskirt.

I burst into tears as a series of rapid long spurts flooded my panties and shot down my legs, then my bladder was empty but the contractions continued. Nancy held me as I cried. Some of the kids laughed, but the teacher shut them down. The teacher told Nancy to take me to the girls room and she helped me as I cried, still trembling from it all....

I was horribly teased afterwards as everybody why I was even desperate, much less peeing my panties as the puddle I left was so small. I tried to explain but they still called me a baby...

