Too few toilets, one long meeting

Author: punpunmee

*000*2025-07-27 19:24

I've wrote on her before about the bathroom situation at my work and my already weak bladder. For a reminder we only have 5 single toilet bathrooms at my work for a place with about 50 people working. (Not a lot but the people next door have 2 toilets and well over 100 employees. They have portapotties outside because of it)

Anyway I drank my usual morning coffee when I got into work and typically I give myself time for it to settle in my bladder and I go pee before I start my day. What I do doesn't allow me to easy walk away and go to the bathroom. Someone NEEDS to take my spot or it could result in an explosion. But this morning I had a meeting with a couple coworkers and our higher-ups. The conference room is right across the hallway from the bathrooms. My other coworker Jess is known for always having a drink with her.

She jokes that she carries three different kinds. One for hydration, one for caffeine, and one for fun. She spends her time sitting next to me sipping her drinks and taking notes during the meeting. I'm sipping my water bottle mostly to pass the time and look busy because this is boring! But the coffee I drank earlier and didn't have time to pee out before the meeting was slowly trickling into my bladder. I've got a very weak bladder as is and coffee just does something to me to irritate my bladder badly.

After about 20 minutes I already feel like I'm stretched to my limits. It's nervously glancing at the clock desperate for this meeting to get over. I look over at Jess who now has one hand between her legs. It's subtle, but also being a woman I know that sign. She has to pee. She has to pee like me. But does she have to pee as bad as me? More than me? I didn't know. I sipped my water which was not in my best interest and she sipped her. I guess it's just a nervous habit. 20 more damn minutes go by!

This is the longest meeting I've ever had, or maybe it just feels that way because the waist band of my scrubs is pushing into my painfully full bladder. I'm dreaming of pissing at this point. I can hear the doors opening and closing to the bathrooms across the hall. Toilets flushing. Sinks turning on an off. My is clenched as tight as I can get it to clench. I copy Jess now and stick my hand between my legs. The steam of my scrubs tucked between my lips and pressed against my urethra.

I swear I'm gonna start sputtering piss any moment. Jess looks uncomfortable now. Adjusting position in her seat. While the men in the meeting are talking I lean over to Jess. "I have to pee so bad!" I whisper. "Jesus Christ me too!" She replied back to me with. 15 more entire minutes goes by and we are excused from the meeting. Jess and I are at the back of the room and have to wait for everyone else to file out. I stand up and quickly cross and uncross my legs and I shuffle behind this line of people out of the room.

When we get out of the room EVERYONE from is waiting for a bathroom across the hall. Two bathroom currently being cleaned leaving us 3 toilets. Jess stands next to me swaying her hips from side to side to keep herself from peeing herself. My urethra is so tired at this point. I feel a trickle in my underwear and slap my hand between my legs but quickly pull it back when I see my boss also waiting for the bathroom behind me and Jess. All three working bathrooms are occupies but one one has people going on and out of it. I suspect the other two has guys either playing on their phone to pass time or taking a long shit. The line slowly dwindles down and it's me and Jess turn next.

"Hey can I please go ahead of you." Jess asked. I feel bad for her. She was absolutely bursting at the seems but so was I! "I'm sorry but no." I replied "I've got a weak bladder as it is and it's house a cup of coffee and a bottle of water." The door opens to the bathroom. Before the guy is even fully out of it I'm running in. I slam the door behind me but the moment I see the toilet I'm done for. My urethra opens up. I yank down my pants and slap a gush of piss onto the foot but I can't even care at this point. I hobbled over to the toilet and what felt like a fire hose sprayed out of me splashing up into the toilet water. I didn't care about Jess in that moment or anything. I just focused on emptying what felt like a gallon of piss.

