Despiration in Class

Author: purplepenguin

*000*2011-09-03 03:09

First off, let me say that this is my first post so it may not be that good.

In Computer Appl. Class, there is this girl who usually picks on me and always has to go to the bathroom, lets call her Marah. Well today she kept mouthing off to the teacher so she had to sit up front. About 5 mins later she starts squirming in her chair so i thought she had to go to the restroom. Turns out that i was right. She asked the Teacher if she could go and the teacher sai no. So a few mins later she starts to squirm even more and then crosses her legs. Now i could tell she really had to go. She asked if she could go again, but my teacher once again said no. Now she was doing like a mixture of crying and laughter saying real quietly: I gotta pee, i gotta pee. So the girl in front of me, Lets call her autumn, starts to crack up. Now at this point she starts to look like she was in pain. Just a second later she runs right out of the room. Later on she got After school detention.

Sorry it was short. Hope more stories come later

*004*2011-09-03 11:57

{{ 

I don't agree with the comment above

A teacher shouldn't hold a personally grudge agaisnt a student even if they have been mouthing off. If a student needs to use the toilet it is basic need and shouldn't be stopped beacuse of some little spatt that they had before.

If the girl felt sick would this still be the case? Would the teacher then wait untill the girl was throwing up to even consider she was ill?

I respect teachers, don't get me wrong, I just don't agree with some things that they.

The girls mental captability has nothing to do with holding her bladder or mouthing off.

It was clear that the girl needed the toilet, she was squirming she was even crying, the teacher should have reconiszed that and put their argument aside and then deal with her when she got back. The girl didn't need futher punishment.

What she was doing wasn't the best thing to do, she shouldn't have been mouthing off but also we have to remember, going to the toilet is a basic need. I am starting to question if ever little argument this teacher gets into does he with hold a basic need but not letting his students stay in over lunch in detention, not allowing them to use the bathroom...

Some of the teachers, when I was at school used to do the same thing but that was until some lad wet himself so they changed it all. Did this teacher really want to humiliate this girl?

}}

But this girl also everyday would either punch, or stab me with my pencil. or swear really loud in class so i think she desereved it. Plus we all had like these passes for class but she used all of hers up

