Warm, wet night

Author: PrincessPEEach

*000*2017-08-03 00:42

I seem to have a problem of being really thirsty in the evening and then regretting it in the night when I wake up and have to pee. My husband is NOT into omorashi at all, and would be absolutely furious with a wet bed, so usually I just get up and pee.

Sonetimes I can put my hands between my legs and go back to sleep for a bit, but I'm usually awake again within the hour. If I go back to sleep again, it's literally an emergency when I do finally decide to go! I end up grabbing myself and literally dancing into the bathroom to quickly rip my panties down and gush into the toilet with relief.....

Im a pretty lazy person, I hate getting out of a warm bed, and once I do get up it takes me forever to fall back asleep . I've dreamed sooooo many times of just being able to let go in bed, and feel the delicious warmth flow out into my panties, or if I'm naked, onto the sheets to puddle in a warm, sopping wet mess.

My husband was headed away for the weekend, so I picked up a thick plastic sheet and started holding. I sipped away on water for the rest of the evening and got the bed set up with the plastic and another sheet on top. It was torture waiting for the kids to fall asleep and I was shaking with need by the time I finally headed to bed.

*001*2017-08-03 01:02

It was soooooo nice to lay there and just savor how full my bladder was, I could see it bulging just a little, and could feel such a delicious tingling pressure, like the pee was right there, just ready to leak out in a hot stream. I wiggled my legs and held my crotch which seemed to help the desperate urge to pee subside a bit.

My hand pressing into my pussy also made me aware of how incredibly aroused I was by the situation. I began to finger myself slowly, feeling ever more tingly and full, desperate for release.

In a moment of weakness I let out a few tiny exquisite drops of pee and nearly moaned it felt to incredible sliding across my throbbing pussy. I couldn't hold back and pee began to gush and spurt out of me, spraying my upper legs and puddling under me. It was such an incredible, erotic feeling of warmth and release, and I couldnt stop peeing and peeing...even when the flow subsided to a few sweet warm trickles.

I lay in the warm wet puddle until I began to get cold, then stripped off the wet sheets and plastic, climbed under the covers, and later on, gave my still wet pussy the rest of the attention it was craving....

Cant wait for my husband to go away again!!

$$

