Loosing Control During a Hold

Author: Pisaj

*000*2024-04-17 19:35

So I got some time home alone again, and decided to do another hold. I wanted to do a rapid desperation hold again, but this time I would keep holding until I lost control. I put on a basic pair of tight, white boxer briefs, and got started with the preparation. One thing I decided to do this time around was to listen to background audio from my earphones. I decided to put on city ambiance in order to immerse myself with the feeling that I'm somewhere in public. The sounds were extremely authentic, as if someone had just left a microphone running somewhere near Central Park. The conversations that I would overhear also sounded very authentic and were perfect for the immersion.

When I started the hold, things felt a bit different. Normally, I would not have to pee until about twenty minutes into the hold, but this time my bladder was already sending signals that it was full after only about five minutes. This surprised me, but nonetheless, I stayed put and kept holding. Occasionally, I would get up and walk around pretending that I'm walking around the city, but sometimes I would also sit down pretending I'm sitting on a bench. Fifteen minutes into the hold I would get a cup of water and drink it. Afterwards, I went and sat down feeling a very strong urge to go. I'm not sure why this happened this time, but my urge skyrocketed from like a 1/10 to a 7/10. At around 20 minutes, my bladder was already pulsing and contracting, begging to let all the pee out.

I continued squirming around in my seat and fighting these waves of desperation, occasionally getting up to walk around with a very silly limp. At 30 mins, I would go get another cup of water. I slowly had to walk there and fill it up. Hearing the glass fill up with water was a pain. I so desperately wanted to give up and just let everything flow out of me, but alas, I was doomed to hold it till the end. After drinking the water, things only got worse from there. I would occasionally have to squeeze myself to not let everything go. The waves were getting very strong and it took everything to not let go. I was imagining myself outside like this and how people would definitely notice how badly I needed to go. At 45 mins I would go and get my last glass of water. I had to very slowly traverse my way there, bending over to hold myself every now and then to prevent a MASSIVE flood from escaping.

After drinking the water, things only got 100 times worse. I felt like my urge was at like a 15/10. It felt like it had reached levels that shouldn't even be possible to achieve, but here I was. Standing, sometimes walking around, constantly clenching my muscles. A few seconds after I would get the water, I finally started to leak. The first leak escaped as a small dribble that my muscles just weren't able to hold back no matter how hard I tried. The ones that followed were no different. I suppose this is what people mean sometimes by "overfilled bladder." My bladder itself was now feeling a constant contraction. One that felt like it was never going away, and the only thing stopping my pee from coming out were my tired muscles clenching.

The front of my underwear was already visibly wet from all the leaks and there was a noticeable wet stain around my tip area. Things continued this way until about the 50 minute mark until I froze and stood still. This is where the constant contraction had reached a massive extreme, and my muscles finally gave out. Pee shot out of me at a massive rate with a very powerful and audible hiss and the front of my underwear became completely drenched within seconds. I stood there in defeat as the pee just kept flowing out of me. Fighting the stream was completely futile, as my muscles were just completely gone at this point.

I had no choice but to stand there in bliss and enjoy the relief. I stood there wetting myself for about 2 minutes maybe. Eventually, the stream ended and I just stood there for a bit, caressing myself and examining the damage until, eventually, more pee just started spilling out of me for like another 30 seconds. I stood there and wet my already wet clothes for a bit, and then I finally cleaned everything up. Afterwards, I got dressed in a different pair of clothes, and sat down to start writing this.

