Happy bday Eric!

Author: Probablyme

*000*2020-05-03 14:42

So I have been very lucky. My best friend and my boy friend both love Omo more than I do. My boyfriend, who I'll call Eric, had his birthday a few days ago (we're in quarantine together). So I asked him what he wanted for his birthday, and he said, "I'll show you" the day of.

I followed him to my closet where he pulled out the smallest, tightest pair of jean shorts I owned, and told me to put them on. I did so, and then he told me, "what I find hot is watching you hold and then pissing yourself." And he goes on to say that he wants me to hold it for 14 hours and then he'll tell me where I could go. Worked for me.

So he told me what to drink and such throughout the day. He was telling me at 9PM, and Eric had already made me drink two 24 oz bottles of water and 4 cans of sprite. It was 3PM and I was OK, I was at a 5 out of 10.

But as it went on, I started to have to cross my legs by six, due to another bottle of water and another sprite. He was laughing and enjoying himself, so I figured I could do it.

By 8:50 I was getting desperate. Another water bottle and sprite had been downed, and my hand was holding my crotch.

Finally, at 9:00, he picked me up under my arms and placed me on his lap and whispered,"I also find it hot to be pissed on by my girl. Go ahead, you earned it."

So I let it all go and it felt awesome to have relief. Eric's breath hitched as my shorts got warm, then hot, then soaking through. I knew I was pissing all over his jeans as well, but I honestly didn't mind.

I stood up and looked in the mirror, and Eric was smiling and so happy. "Felt good, huh? We're not done." Now it was my turn to gasp as he pulled his pants down as well as his boxers. He was looking at my wet pants with amusement.

He came over and unzipped my shorts, and tugged on my panties, until he could wriggle himself inside of me.

"So wet and hot my babe." Eric whispered at me. He was enjoying himself, as was I.

I can barely remember what happened next, other than waking up the next morning and realizing I must've changed at some point. Eric walked in and said, "thank you. Best birthday ever."

