Desperate pee in tree pose (video, nudity cw)

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2021-12-14 22:05

Yesterday was laundry day, which always puts me in the mood for some pee fun. After wetting my snow pants to see if they'd show a wet patch (they did), I decided to do a quick hold while chatting off-and-on with the folks on the omo Discord.

Over the course of two hours, I downed two liters of water. I started getting wiggly as the two hour mark passed. I was challenged to bend over and hold a toe-touch, and the extra pressure made me gasp. Each gulp of water felt like it was going straight to my bladder. By the 2.5 hour mark, I was too desperate to concentrate on work. I ground against my heel on my office chair. My bladder bulged visibly and I couldn't help but rub it.

Finally, sensing the end was nigh, I rushed outside. It was about 50 degrees but sunny and dry, so I decided to fulfill a video request I'd received. My backyard is visible to no fewer than 5 neighbors, but I can cut that down to one by hiding between the side of my house and my shed. I recently figured out that propping the shed's door open would further hide me (though it wouldn't stop a really determined peeping Tom).

Physically holding my crotch, I got the door propped open, then froze. I still had to strip, and that meant letting my crotch go. I got my shirt off while crossing my legs and clenching with all my might. My pants I ripped off as fast as possible. I felt the burn of hot piss creeping toward its exit and rushed to start filming and get in position. The first drops spattered uncontrollably to the cold concrete as I pressed record.

I'm glad I caught what happened next on camera!

After filming, I brought my work laptop outside and gave my bladder a break by sitting in a deck chair, laptop perched on my knees, and letting my pee go in my pants whenever I wanted. I love laundry day.

2021_12_13_14_32_27.mp4

*004*2021-12-27 20:13

Nothing like sunshine on a piss puddle.

*008*2021-12-30 02:04

{{49 minutes ago, peelion said:

I know it's not to say but i be happy to clean you with many attention 😇

}}

I'm not comfortable with that kind of comment.

