Light colored blue jeans made into dark ones

Author: P155princess

*000*2021-10-04 20:59

Today started out decently. I decided since I was home alone I wanted to have some fun with myself. So after I had my morning coffee, I decided it would be fun to drink a bottle of water...then another..and go for a walk. Well it had started to get cloudy, then as I walked out into the road it started to rain..it was a cold icky rain so I went back inside. I could have added to the rain I guess, but that can be hard to capture on camera without ruining my phone. Sooooo...I had to wait it out. About 30 mins went by and it stopped, and I drank a coca-cola (more diuretic caffeine!!!) while I waited. Why do I love to torture myself?)

Anyways - went out onto my deck to play.

I know, I know, I could have just done my walk..but the point of the walk is to make the desperation worse. Especially because these jeans are tight on my waist. Making it feel so much worse. Especially if I sit...or breathe..or move. And since I had to be inside I was sitting the WHOLE time so my pants where basically squeezing my bladder and laughing at me.

I went outside and I set up my camera. I was in so much pain. Like if I had sneezed, or if a bee got in my face it would all be over with without my control.

I decided it would be funny to try and hold it a little bit longer on camera. That was the first video I made. I didn't really do a good job. All the moving around made it so much worse. I moved to sharply at one point and I started to leak. But the leaking felt good because it was a relief of the pressure. I kind of felt better but at the same time I had the urge to *go now* hit me. But I wanted to fight it. I tried tonight it. But then I really needed to relief and I ..i...popped.

%leaking.mp4

%HOLD IT.mp4

%relief1(2).mp4

I really soaked my jeans all the way. I feel much better now. I hd to go inside and pleasure myself. Im sorry that I didn't record that for you all.

Making videos is definitely harder than taking still shots from the video for me.

$$

*006*2021-10-04 23:41

{{2 hours ago, Wettishfettish said:

So tomorrow you're going to do this again, but you're going to leave your jeans on the entire time until they dry.. only to make them wet again

}}

Thats the plan! it depends n a few things...like the weather we are supposed to get a lot of rain. that might change my plans. a small bit

