Sports wettings

Author: Pee princess1

*000*2023-03-05 23:42

I have many wetting stories, a few messing stories, and some of both in the many sports I’ve done over the years. Cheer, softball, golf, dance, tennis and swim I all have stories of. Just give me a sport and whether u want the story to be wetting, messing or both and I’ll tell u one. I don’t have any messing stories from softball since I only did that for a few years and it’s hard to get away with it since we wore pants and I also have few wetting stories in softball for the same reason. Remember that when picking which u want.

*003*2023-03-06 00:47

{{48 minutes ago, Preston14444 said:

What was your personal favorite wetting/messing that you've ever done when in sports?

}}

That’s a hard one, depends on the sport have some really good stories in all of them

*005*2023-03-06 01:08

{{48 minutes ago, h1234 said:

How about a dance wetting story?

}}

One of my stories with dancing was at one of the random lessons we had. I was wearing the usual white leotard and white leggings and made sure to hydrate a little extra. By 15 minutes left I was jiggling around a bit from having to pee and my friend told me u alright ur moving around a lot and I said I rly gotta pee and she said only 15 minutes left and I said not sure I can make it and chuckled a little. She told me i seemed pretty calm for being on the edge of peeing myself and me having been in dance for longer said that not many bathroom breaks in dance. By the time we finished I was holding myself while walking out, panties still dry though. She said aren’t u gonna pee before u go. I said don’t like public toilets. 

She said then what are u gonna do pee yourself? I said if I don’t hurry yes. I was 15 and couldn’t drive and my mom was still at work so I got picked up by my friend who was the girl I was talking about earlier and her mom. She told me if ur gonna pee yourself do it before u get in the car so u don’t ruin it. I said I’ll be fine if I can pee in your front lawn when I get to your house she said ok then. I might have leaked a little in the car on the way there. She looked over and said ewww your gross don’t pee yourself like a baby and started cracking up and I said just it’s just a little don’t worry I can make it. 

By the time we go home she said I gotta pee too now. As I got out of the car I ran straight too the lawn while she was getting out of the car. I just peed straight through my leotard and leggings, while she was getting out. Luckily her mom stayed in the car on a phone call for a bit so she missed the main part of it. She said oh my gosh you really did have to pee but why didn’t u take your pants off and I said they were wet anyway so why not make them more wet? We then went inside and as she walked to the bathroom I said don’t want to join the wet pants club I see. She looked back at me and laughed and then said stop making me laugh or I might be part of the wet pants club. Luckily for me her mom was cool and did my laundry and gave me a temporary change of clothes. My mom later picked me up and new nothing about it.

*006*2023-03-06 01:15

{{19 minutes ago, Joy999 said:

What's a story of you pooping your pants while golfing?

}}

One time I just went to the range to hit some balls and while I was hitting them I realized I had a decent need to poop. I was considering going home but then I realized the best thing about golf. I can wear short skirts that hide when I am pooping and peeing myself. I had to be careful about it though. I set up like I was about to take a shot and just let it go before I took the shot. Felt amazing. Wasn’t a huge one though created a decent bulge in my panties but not noticeable besides that. Hit balls for a bit longer in my messy panties before I went home and stayed in my messy clothes a bit longer before cleaning up. I was old enough to drive at this time so was really easy to do this with no one noticing.

*011*2023-03-06 03:33

{{1 hour ago, Joy999 said:

Have you ever pooped yourself during an event with a crowd, i'd love to hear about that story then.

}}

Yeah pretty easy to get away with if wearing skirt or dress

*012*2023-03-06 03:38

{{54 minutes ago, alexthebest2 said:

Can you tell us a story of when you peed yourself playing tennis please?

}}

One time when I was doing tennis I was wearing the usual tennis skirt that hides pee stains well. White skirt this day with pink top if I remember correctly. Had to pee in the middle of a practice which was throwing me off but I didn’t mind since it made it more fun and I had plenty of leaks. After I finished I take a quick stop at the woods and without lifting up my skirt or pulling down my panties or anything, just peed myself for like 10 seconds. When I got home I kept drinking a lot until I had an accident in the same clothes while standing in my shower

Any more requests?

*014*2023-03-06 04:02

{{6 minutes ago, Preston14444 said:

Can you tell the story of when you wet during cheer? I can imagine it was hard to get away with.

}}

Not if your me, at halftime after our routine we have time to go to the bathroom. So I used that time to walk on the path around the field. When I got to a point where no one was around I peed myself. Went through my panties and shorts felling good but my skirt stayed dry which hid it. I wet myself a ton in cheer even a few times with some seeing and also had plenty of messing stories too.

Next request?

*019*2023-03-06 20:39

{{14 hours ago, DefecateDarlin said:

I want to hear some messing stories in cheer.

}}

So one time in sophomore year, I was at a long 1 hour practice with no breaks. About an 30 minutes in I felt a pretty decent urge to poop and just let it go, same outfit as last cheer story. One girl asked me why I stopped practicing for a minute and I said just needed a quick break. She then told me no breaks and to keep practicing. She was one of the captains.

*020*2023-03-06 20:45

{{4 hours ago, alexthebest2 said:

Wow amazing! Thank you for sharing!

I’m intrigued about the times people have seen you pee in cheer, what did they say or how did they react?

}}

One time while doing my usual walk after my routine when it was our bathroom break I was trying to find a spot to pee but one of my friends bumped into me and said aren’t u gonna go use the bathroom, and I said don’t like the dirty rest rooms here and then she said well what are u gonna do pee your pants? And we both laughed and I said watch and just peed myself. She died laughing and said are u actually peeing yourself? I said it’s way easier then waiting on line for the bathroom and then we just walked around and talked. Seen her pee herself once at cheer but that’s a different story

*021*2023-03-06 22:07

What’s next?

*024*2023-03-07 03:26

{{3 hours ago, Preston14444 said:

How did you do your wetting in softball?

}}

One time at softball i had to pee the second I got to the field, about halfway through the game I was bursting and a few of the other girls noticed and said, didn’t u pee before we got here. I said forgot to and she said i hope u don’t pee yourself and I said I’m probably not gonna make it at this rate. She said do u want to walk to the woods to go pee with me? I said yeah, when we got to the woods I said I hope u don’t mind seeing my panties, took my pants off and peed through my panties. She said u know u could’ve pulled your panties off right? I said I don’t want anyone seeing anything and besides it’s not that bad peeing my panties it feels kind of warm. She said ok then and pulled her pants and panties off and peed.

