Experimenting with holding and incontinence pants in work

Author: pwig

*000*2023-04-07 23:48

I've been curious about protective underwear for a while for getting away with doing things in public, and I finally took the plunge and bought a pack of incontinence pants a couple days ago. After getting home and trying one on for fit I was super excited to try them out, so the next day in work i packed them in my bag and figured I'd work out what I was going to do during the day. I hadn't tested them for effectiveness so using them felt super risky but as I was wearing dark jeans I thought I'd be able take the chance on a hold as long as I didn't lose control completely.

Over the course of the day I drank a bit more than my usual too much coffee, and made sure the use the bathroom regularly to prep for rapid desperation, still dressed in my normal boxers under semi tight jeans. With an hour and a half left of my day and the office mostly empty I decided it was time to take the plunge, I needed to pee a bit but not at all badly so I went to the toilet and slipped on a pair of the absorbent pants and redressed with my boxers and jeans over the top, very conscious of the white waist band poking out above my underwear and the padding between my legs. A hold is no good with nothing to fuel it though so i filled up with a glass of water and a half liter bottle over the next 45 minutes as I felt the need rapidly increasing.

Amit half hour before I could leave I was extremely desperate and struggling not to show any signs of it when the first leak came. The next 30 minutes were torture, sat at my desk feeling dribbles escape but unable to check too closely if anything was showing up. Eventually I was able to gather my things and make a break for the bathroom to check the state of things, able to tell without looking that the padding had swollen significantly. I made it to a cubicle and discovered that only a tiny wet spot had appeared on my boxers above the pad, but the padding was bulging enough to be visible to anyone looking closely. I got out of the building and to my car with no incidents but so I couldn't stand still without leaking.

The car ride home was worse, frequent spurts over the quarter hour it took to get back to my house and a definite damp patch on my jeans where pee had soaked through at the top. The dark jeans hid enough for me to get in the house and see the damage to my boxers. They were wet by one leg hole and had a two inch wet patch at the top. The car spurts had relieved a bit of pressure so I was able to take the pants off to turn them round and give the dryer padding in the back a fair chance to absorb the flood that was to come. I put my somewhat wet boxers and a pair of jeans dedicated to peeing in and finally let go. The incontinent pants made a valiant defense but ultimately lost and the torrent of pee soaked my jeans, running down my legs and leaving them pretty thoroughly wet.

Overall an interesting experiment and the pants seem like they'll be good for risky holds but not letting go a full flood in public. I also tried messing them and got no stains and minimal smell when sitting in the mess for half hour, and a little later when desperate again, having dried the jeans I tried a full pee into a new pair of pants and about a third overflowed into my jeans. Definitely enough to be very noticeable but maybe in the dark with letting out bursts rather than letting go all at once they might take a full wetting.

*002*2023-04-08 12:21

I've considered then but I'm kinda too embarrassed to go and buy them, and I'm concerned about how visible a nappy will be through the tight ish jeans I usually wear. I don't mind that they don't hold everything, I like the risk of them leaking if I'm not careful. I might try some plastic pants over them sooner or later though.

