Desperation/Holding Play Recently

Author: petitewonder

*000*2021-12-31 20:29

Lol been doing some experimenting with desperation/holding play recently so thought I'd post about it here! A bit shy about starting my own topics but trying to do that a bit more.

So, because the air is so dry in the Winter where I live, I end up drinking a lot of water. (Dry mouth from meds and sodium-filled frozen meals out of convenience while I plow through bunches of paperwork don't really help either lol).

I end up just going about my work until I'm feeling a bit of an insistent throb either between my legs or a bit in my stomach until I can no longer concentrate. (As someone with anxiety, this is oddly grounding, as I have no choice but to focus on the desperation lmao).

So, a few incidents recently lol:

Jeans (with underwear)

I'm only about 5'1 so it's hard to find pants of any kind that aren't super long on me without getting them tailored; only specifying this because it can affect which part of the pants is close against my body and which part hangs looser. So, with a good bit of fabric stopping at the ankle and pooling at the feet, I might not feel the pee there as much during a wetting, like I would if I was in capris or a skirt, but I'd feel it just as much in the crotch and between the thighs.

So, usually to hold, I tighten my muscles while pressing my thighs together but that day it was kinda painful, possibly because the denim was rough. I was hobbling in front of the sink and I had to pee so badly I felt it pressing against me like an overly full cup of water, ready to overflow any minute. Sometimes it's hard to tell if I've leaked or if I just felt like I did. The first time I didn't, but the second time, a few dribbles soaked into the fabric of my panties. I find leaking to be particularly thrilling because it's a very real loss of control; wetting for funsies usually has the aim of getting totally soaked and if I'm trying not to wet, I don't want to get wet at all. I also like seeing how much gets leaked into just my panties versus when I leak enough to the point that the pants get damp.

I then stepped into the shower for the rest of the hold because I didn't wanna do a huge clean up on the floor. I hadn't had this happen in previous experiments, but it was like the floodgates opened before I had a chance to even blink and the rest of it came out in a rush. It didn't feel like I was fully wetting until the fabric at my knees started getting wet. I never felt it at my feet but dragging pooled wet denim is heavier than dry lol.

Pajama Pants (with underwear)

Essentially the same as the jeans, but weirdly, it took longer to leak into the cotton fabric than it did with the denim. These ones were sold as capris though so no pooling fabric!

Floor (no underwear)

Was going to use a container (potty chair) to pee in, crouched down, and before I could get it under me I had made a puddle on the floor.

