Exploring myself

Author: pwpj

*000*2025-08-24 22:07

I'm not sure if this is of interest to anybody, but I decided to post it anyway.

I've always been a fan of girls desperate to wee and wetting, but have limited experiences of my own. A few from many years ago, home alone during summer holidays from school, but with the awkward avoiding any parental-finding-out. I'm sure other posters are familiar with this! And it's something that's pretty much fizzled away as an adult - in fact the last time I staged a proper wetting was during the first lockdown.

Anyhow, the other night a thought came to me. I'd been tidying up my wardrobe and had bagged up some old clothes to throw out. Old trousers that had worn out, some joggers I'd used for decorating last year, you know the stuff. Well, I was going to be throwing it out anyway....

I often come home bursting for a wee. I have a small bladder and if I've been drinking in the hot weather, I find myself getting home and dropping everything in the hall and running to the loo to have a wee. Oh I make it alright, just. But what if I forced myself not to!

I had a reasonably long drive to take for a work appointment. 3hrs there, 3hrs back. The way back coincided with the rush hour, so I decided to stop off on the way to have some dinner, have a rest, get petrol and so on. Having done so, I had one last wee in the motorway services, and changed into the old scruffy clothes that I'd brought with me.

The journey back home wasn't anything out of the ordinary. I could feel a growing need as I got closer to home, and I knew I was getting desperate (especially as soon as I saw the front door).. I had to consciously remind myself not to follow the usual routine!

I parked up on the street and brought my bags inside. Steeling myself to not follow routine and rush to the bathroom to pee! I put my work stuff in the office and the clothes I'd worn earlier in the day in the wash. Sat around, watched TV for a bit, and I was actually surprised that it didn't seem to be too difficult to hold. I'd expected to be frantic, bladder-screaming, but it was a dull ache. During this time I was, of course, filling up on water.

This continued for an hour or so. I was willing myself to start to lose control! With nothing happening naturally, I decided to try something, I went into the bathroom, unzipped and started to wee. After a few seconds I clenched down and stopped, and tucked in. Now this moved things up a level. The denied relief had increased the urgency an awful lot, but I still managed to hold on.

Eventually, probably another half-hour later, I felt the first involuntary leak. Just a tiny dribble. I made my way to the bathroom, another leak as I went. I had been thinking of how I ultimately wanted to wet - and quite unusual, but it turned out to be just as good as I'd wanted it to be.

I sat in the bathtub and turned the lights off. I could watch any number of videos of somebody wetting their trousers, so I wanted the senses of feel and sound to be focussed. Another small leak. Then I gingerly allowed myself another release. And then gave in, freely starting to wee myself. The warmth and the sound of it hissing out was enjoyable, and then I actively pushed to increase the flow, which just felt even more intense - I could feel the trousers getting damp all the way down, and the puddling as the wee forced itself out. And, because the lights were off, I was intently focussed on the feel and sound.

Once I'd finished having an accident, I sat for a little while. As with other people, I often experience feelings of disenchantment after a wetting (probably why I don't do them often!), but the clear up was easy enough - old clothes into bags, double bagged and thrown out. And a good memory to try again soon.

