A true story about accidentally wetting the bed (also PJamas)

Author: PantersPeeNuts

*000*2023-10-10 22:39

HI all!

This embarrassing story happened this morning (10/10/23), and I'm writing about it while it is fresh. It's also sort-of a review for something called PJamas, but I'll write an official review of that product in the future. If you don't care about that, skip the next paragraph. As is my new normal, I'll keep my gender amorphous, in case that makes the story more interesting for anyone. (If you want to know, look at my profile.)

In order to understand what happened, I have to explain my use of a bedwetting product called PJamas (https://pjama.co.uk

). To be clear, I'm not talking about peejamas (https://www.peejamas.com

), which is a US-based company with the same idea, except they are only available in children's sizes, at least last I checked. PJamas however also have adult sizes, so five or so years ago I paid $300 for three pair of them to be shipped from the UK. They are washable, reusable overnight diaper-pants, that look kinda like shorts, intended to help people with bedwetting issues. But my use of them is purely recreational.

I'm mostly a pantswetter, but I have dabbled in bedwetting over the years, and always have a good waterproof mattress pad (or two) on my bed. Diapers do not interest me, for whatever reason, but there's something about how much these look like clothing that crosses some barrier in my mind, so I thought I'd try them out. In short, THEY WORK! To prevent leaks, the directions from the manufacturer say they're intended to be peed in while directly in contact with your skin, but I like the feel of peeing in my underwear. So I always wear a smaller pair that won't extend above the waistline of the PJamas, otherwise there will be leaks out the top. I've had mine for so many years, and they've been through so many wash cycles, that I'm surprised they still work at all. They leak now, pretty badly if I pee a lot, but I still find them fun and naughty, and usually, they save me from having to do a full load of sheets and mattress protector.

So, last night I had to work late, and afterward some work friends and I all went out for a late dinner and some drinks to watch Monday Night Football (Packers vs Raiders). My partner had to wake up early, and didn't mind at all if I went out late. (Longstanding, monogamous, trusting relationship.) I got home after midnight, took a mild sleep aid, and tidied up the house a little until it kicked in. I don't drink a lot, so after a few drinks, while carefully drinking a lot of water, and then taking a sleep aid, I knew I was going to wake up in a few hours having to pee, and really, really not want to get out of bed. So it seemed like the perfect night to break out the old PJamas, which I hadn't used in months. I pulled them on over my underwear, as usual, and then pulled over them a pair of old sweatpants that I only use with the PJamas to help contain any leaks.

I went to sleep about 2am, and at 5am I was awakened by some noises in the house. It doesn't matter what they were, just that it required my undivided attention for over an hour, and by the time it was dealt with, my partner was waking up, who I filled in about what was going on. I could then go back to sleep, but now I had to pee, and figured I couldn't fall asleep again with a full bladder. I considered getting back in bed and wetting the PJamas, but I thought, "No; that's not what they're for. They're for when you wake up in bed really having to pee!" So I elected to just pee in the toilet, and went back in the bedroom, feeling the pull of the sleep aid I had taken. As I was about to crawl into bed, I took off the PJamas, assuming their moment had passed, but put the sweats back on, since it was a little chilly without them. I fell asleep HARD, and didn't even hear my partner leave at 7am.

I had one of the most sound sleeps I have ever had until 9:30am, when I was slowly awakened by my need to pee. I was in such a comfortable position; every muscle in exactly the right spot, and I really, really didn't want to move. But my bladder was insisting, and starting to give me urges. Then, in my hazy, slightly medicated state, I thought "Oh! Good thing I'm wearing my PJamas!", and I was so near-asleep that I didn't have the wherewithal to question the veracity of this logic. I began to relax, and started peeing almost immediately, thinking I was going in my PJamas. By the time I realized what was happening -- Hey, why is that part of me feeling wet all of a sudden? -- it was WAY too late to matter. I had completely wet the bed.

I tried to fall back asleep, but was too excited by what had happened. When I got up, the stain was huge; a big not-quite-circle varying between 3 and 4 feet in diameter. It was beautiful, and I had to laugh at myself. I have never wet the bed while asleep, but I think this counts as wetting the bed by accident!!

Everything is now in the dryer (except my PJamas, ironically), and I am so nervous to tell my partner about it all. But I want to. If anything, it is proof that the new mattress pad we just bought works perfectly!

- PPN

EDIT: I finally worked up the courage to post the picture...

&&

*002*2023-10-14 05:58

I can only imagine! The closest thing I experienced to that, having never been a diaper-wearer, was realizing once I had arrived at work one day that I was wearing a pair of khakis that I had totally peed in a few days before, and somehow (still don't know how) made their way back onto my body without being washed. They smelled, and if you knew what to look for, there was the distinct visible edge of dried pee from the crotch all the way down to the ankles. I was so embarrassed. But none of my clients or coworkers either saw or smelled, mostly because I only left my cubby when I absolutely had to. (Like, ironically, when I had to pee!)

- PPN

*003*2023-10-14 23:49

Thanks for letting me know. I fixed it. (I think.) Yeah, I thought about changing my profile, but the only reason I'm keeping my gender hidden is to make stories (especially a few I haven't posted yet) more enjoyable. The profile is what people can check if they want to know. But I appreciate the input! I'm still a pretty new poster, after many, many years of lurking.

- PPN

*005*2023-10-16 01:27

Silver,

I couldn't agree more! 🙂 There is nothing wrong with stories from ANY perspective. Anyone should be free to identify and/or post as whatever they choose, of course. I choose to post as "unspecified" not because of how I identify in real life -- I'm a boring straight white married male, and I have no issues with that(!). I'm only choosing not to specify as an experiment. (So far, it isn't really working like I expected! But that's ok; experiments are like that. And I'm glad to hear other people's perspectives.)

The only reason I'm doing it is because there are so many times that I have read a story on this site, not knowing how the writer identifies (say, because there wasn't the usual obligatory self-description paragraph, or if there was, I skipped it, or whatever). In those cases I'm free to imagine the protagonist however I like. Sometimes I am enjoying it so much, and then BAM! All of a sudden I read something that identifies some aspect of the writer -- usually gender, but it could be some other attribute -- and it takes me out of the story. I mean, I still enjoy it usually (I mean duh; pee stories are why we're all here!!!), but it just sort-of seems like a missed opportunity. So, I thought I'd see if I could avoid that in my own stories, purely by omission (and some clever turns of phrase).

Does this make any sense?!?! I welcome any future thoughts anyone has.

- PPN

*007*2023-10-23 01:34

Silver,

I plan to! I have a BIG story coming soon, a true story about college.

Thanks for explaining further. 🙂

- PPN

