First Day of Work

Author: PeebrainJane

*000*2022-02-28 18:53

During my second year of college I got a job at a childcare center. I began my first day without knowing what the daily schedule would be like. I had been able to slip out for a quick pee break in the morning and I figured I would be able to do so as needed throughout the day. But I was wrong.

I started needing to pee around lunchtime but it was so hectic getting the children to sit down and eat that there was no way I could excuse myself. Then we had to clean up the lunch mess and put the children down for nap. The kids were all between two and three years old and they were dead set on not napping. It was insanity trying to get them to stay on their cots. After what felt like forever most of the children fell asleep and I was about to excuse myself, but at that moment my coworker (the only other adult in the room) grabbed her bag and headed for the door. She told me that she was going on her lunch break and that I could take mine when she returned. I should have just asked her if I could quickly run to the bathroom first, but this woman was very grouchy and I could already tell that she didn’t like me at all. So I didn’t speak up and she left me alone with the fifteen sleeping children.

I needed to pee quite badly but I thought I would be fine, she was only going to be gone for an hour. I had been drinking quite a bit more than usual that day because I was nervous and my mouth kept feeling dry. There was nothing I could do, so I resolved to stop thinking about it and began tidying up around the room. I was ok for about five minutes but soon I was finding it difficult to move around, especially when bending over to pick up toys. I briefly considered using one of the children’s tiny toilets, but abandoned that plan immediately because the bathroom didn’t have a door and anyone passing by in the hall would have seen me easily. 

My bladder couldn’t take any more motion (when I’m really desperate I move as little as possible) so I sat down on one of the little plastic chairs. I so wanted to slide my hand into my jeans to hold myself but there was no way I was going to do that in a room full of children. Then I remembered something I had done when I was really desperate on a family road trip. I slipped off my left shoe and sat on my foot with my heel pressing hard on my urethra. I felt somewhat more under control but my bladder was still screaming at me. There was nothing else I could do. I simply had to wait for my coworker to come back. I pretty much sat frozen in that position for the next half hour. It was torture and I thought there was no way I could wait another second, but somehow I held on. Thankfully none of the children woke up and I was able to remain seated. I didn’t take my eyes off the clock while I waited.

My coworker came in two minutes late. I stood up and put my foot back in my shoe. When the gravity hit my bladder I gasped and doubled over. I thought I felt myself starting to pee but it was probably just the blood rushing back to the area where my heel had been. I instinctively grabbed my crotch and held myself tightly. I was relieved to feel that my jeans were dry. But I was so close to wetting myself - I had never been so desperate in a public place before. I almost gave up right there but I was at work and I absolutely could not pee in my pants! I clenched my muscles as hard as I could and hurried out the door, muttering something unintelligible to my coworker.

I had to walk to the end of a long hallway to reach the staff bathroom and I’m sure I looked ridiculous, walking as fast as I could while trying to keep my thighs pressed together. No one else was in the bathroom which was very good because I didn’t have time to fiddle with locking the stall door. I ripped open my jeans, pulled them down, and sat on the toilet in less than a second. I expected to start peeing immediately, but I had been so clenched up for so long that I couldn’t unclench. It took a few seconds for the first spurt to shoot out, followed by another and another until I was fully gushing.

I was so grateful that no one else was in the bathroom. I was peeing so violently that my desperation would have been obvious to anyone. I was burning with embarrassment anyway at the thought of how close I had come to wetting myself. I started to cry, both out of shame and relief. But it felt like heaven to be releasing the ocean of pee from my bladder. I forced out the last few spurts and tried to make myself breathe normally. After a minute or so I stood up on wobbly legs and went to wash my hands.

In the mirror I saw that my cheeks were bright red and my mascara was smudged. I fixed my eye makeup but there was nothing I could do about my cheeks. I left the bathroom and walked calmly out of the building. I spent my lunch hour in my car. I couldn’t be around anyone just then and was thankful for the relative privacy of my car. By the end of my break I was feeling much more like myself and happily went back to work. The experience was harrowing and I would never want to repeat it, but it really does excite me to know how very close I had come to having a full on accident at work.

