Chapter 3 Casey is ungrounded and ready to have more fun!

Author: Progamb99

*000*2023-04-24 14:09

Welcome to the third chapter of my real life stories from my high school girlfriend Casey.

Quick recap we got caught in the last story staying the night together and doing so by lying to her parents and saying she was staying at her best friends we began to have our exciting fun and it failed miserably as we had to take her back home to her mother and her to figured us out. Which just so happened to end in a genuine accident on her front porch in front of me and her mother. She was grounded for a total of three weeks and they were a very long three weeks but to no avail they ended and we got to continue our journey.

So fast forward to today when she was coming over to my house after we both worked I worked at a car garage and she worked at a daycare we both got off about the same time. I beat her to my house barely And I was pretty glad that I did. She parked her car and got out and started walking towards me today she was wearing some skinny blu e jeans tennis shoes and a tight pink shirt that really showed off her double D’s that she usually kept pretty well hidden. She was a little squirmy when she walked up to me and said that she had to pee pretty bad and that she’s been drinking water all day in anticipation of seeing me and making me happy. I’ll tell you all that I literally won the lottery with this girl I mean it. It was insane how often she was willing to do this for me and almost at the point where I felt like she liked it just as much as I did.

I ended up letting her go ahead and pee whenever she got there because we were gonna go out and get some food and I didn’t want her to be struggling the whole time we were hanging out I wanted to continue this in someway shape or form so the gears started turning in my head. We reminisced about the last night that we got to see each other and talked about the things that we wanted to do but weren’t able to explain to her that I was just left totally speechless watching what it happened the last time that we saw each other and she had said that it also is very exciting for her too and her mom actually didn’t even say anything about it which is even better.

I told her that I wanted to try and relive that moment as best I could so we got the idea of her drinking some water before she left and drove herself home that night so that she would be desperate again on her drive home.

The rest of our time hanging out together that night was pretty uneventful because I don’t remember much of it but I’m sure it was a great time as always. Me and this girl we’re head over heels for each other destined to have a very bright future together. She said she needed to be home by 11 PM at around 930 the idea popped in my head to get her to drink some more water. I still had a couple waters in my bedroom from a few weeks ago when she was there we had our plans She happily grab the first one, popped it open and started drinking it. She drink this one faster than I had ever seen her drink a whole water bottle before she had a chug in about three minutes and then began on the second one.

This one took about 15 minutes forward a drink. She was complaining about how full her belly was course I can imagine she just drank a whole liter of water in about 20 minutes remind you this girl is only 5 foot one and 130 pounds. She had about a 25 minute drive home as I mentioned in the last story so I wanted her to wait a little while before she left so that the two waters would hit her on the way home a little harder. To be completely honest in my mind I really didn’t want her to make it home dry...

About 20 minutes and gone by since she finished her water it was about 10:10- 10:15 PM when she said that she was gonna have to get going here before too long and then she already has to pee a little bit. When did up talking a little bit more and before we know it 15 minutes went by it was 1030 and she had to leave right then. She had no choice but to get home by curfew this time especially given what happened last time we hung out.I walked her out to her car we talked for a minute or two longer I asked her how bad she had to pee and she said probably about 6 to 7 out of 10 it was starting to get there fast. I gave her a kiss told her to be careful tell her I loved her and text me updates if she could. 

She got about maybe 7 to 10 minutes or so away from my house and I found out Braden I looked and she said “ dude I really have to pee it’s sneaking up on me fast!” I text him back and told her to hold it as long as she could and again told her to be careful. Thankfully she would only text me whenever she would sit at a stoplight or a very straight road with no traffic around. 

I waited another 5 minutes or so and then get another text “ i’m about to pee my pants in the car😅😅”. She had about 10 to 12 minutes left in her drive I texted back and asked her how bad was it she said 9 out of 10. I didn’t get another text from her until she was about 3 to 4 minutes from home. She said “Babe I really cannot hold it anymore I have to go pee so fucking bad this is worse than it was at night OMFG!!!”

She texted again when she got home and said “ well I couldn’t hold it anymore just peed my pants”

The butterflies start racing in my stomach again as I am at a loss for words not only did I see this girl have a complete accident a few weeks ago but she just did it again and texted me all about it. She said she ran into her house ran straight to the bathroom so that she could take a shower and change thankfully no one saw her but she sent me pictures of her completely flooded jeans her butt was completely drenched and she told me that her car seat was soaked.

Again there’s more where this came from and all of this happened just the first few months of us being together.

