Got the green light to SOAK my dress pants (pics!)

Author: Pistachio

*000*2019-07-03 00:06

If only some things in life were as easy as red light, green light.

When you play, you know when to stop, when to go, and if you make a mistake, you just get sent back to the beginning so you can try it again.

With me and holds, it's a bit different. Family home? Red light. Giant rainstorm after 6 PM and dark bottoms and chicken duty? Green light. Family gone but I feel sick? Red light. Don't know when my folks are coming home? Red light. Or green light.

However, if I'm caught when they turn around, I really don't know what would happen or where I would be sent. Where would the starting line be for a 20 something year old woman?

Such opportunities for me are few and far between. But sometimes they can even be unexpected.

It was a rough day at the office and I had just wanted to get home quickly. Closed up shop about three minutes early, skipped the bathroom despite my bladder's muffled protests, and braved a wave of ruthless southern heat as I entered my car.

I paid attention to that need, at least, with my water bottle, quenching a thirst that I had not realized was already massive at that point. The protests became a fair bit louder than muffled, but I was already on my way home and driving, and could do nothing about it. I'd have to use the bathroom once I got home. It's hard to drive when you're squirming but it's definitely manageable.

Once I got home, I remembered there was a toilet very close to the entrance I usually use, but I noticed something else: the lack of the family car, and a note.

It was a note describing where the rest of them had gone in detail, and if I could please take care of the chickens while they would take care of dinner when they came home.

I looked at the toilet. Red light.

I looked at the note and smiled. Green light.

As if aware of my plans, my lower abdomen whined but I ignored it.

I had work to do.

Usually I change out of work clothes to help with the chickens, but having very smooth black pants with a texture reminiscent of a swimsuit, coupled with the fact I had ample time for laundry, I decided to stick with them.

I don't know if anybody else here has a farm, or at least farm animals to feed, but every single time I'm already desperate and start feeding the chickens, I almost start to leak right inside the coop. This time was no different – evidently the drink from the car had already made its way down. I wedged a gloved hand in between, remarking that it did not come away wet. I had grown stronger.

So did my need. Realizing I was pretty much holding back a flash flood, I decided to let go just a little bit, extremely conscious of the liquid warmth settling around my mid thighs. Instinctively, I looked around. No neighbors watching, no family pulling in.

Just one task left, same as last time. Take the younger birds home for the night.

Letting out a little bit did not help this time either. I hunched over, mentally preparing myself for the ordeal, and picked up the birds, feeling a spasm with every step and continuing to struggle every second I brought a bird home. Of course I held on tightly this time, especially because of what happened the last time I did this with a raging full bladder.

To no avail. At this point my abdomen was begging for release, thinking what little license it had been given entitled it to release everything else, one little spurt at a time. So that's what it did.

After I took one pair of birds home, I dared a downward glance, bending my top half over and squishing my abdomen into folds. As you can imagine, this did not help in the slightest.

But to my surprise, I actually had to search for any sort of stain. This textile was something else!

I remembered @GoldenG8

's advice on clothing from before, and discovered that the nice types of pants that I wore for work suited me perfectly to the purposes he had suggested.

I had new motivation to keep holding.

With one hand buried tightly in my crotch and the other carrying a very young bird to safety, I knew I was on the cusp of release. Just a few more steps... I knew I could do it.

The house was getting closer. The bird would go into its cage... but every step brought fresh drops into my panties, until I was certain they could hold no more.

I can't tell if it was my mind or my body that gave up for a few seconds, but either wa a torrent slid right out of me, coating my legs in moisture, seeping ever so slightly into my favorite boots. I was running out of time.

I clamped tight and redoubled my efforts, determined not to leak inside the house.

No sooner had I slammed the birds door shut than I ran out once more, plopped my butt onto the grass, and released everything I had.

A glorious euphoria, one that often accompanies newness, swept over me as I emptied myself.

Watering the grass, the new sensitivity around my nether regions as a grooved amp, my buttocks becoming soaked with the stuff, and a puddle forming around me, only to seep into the earth just as quickly... it was unlike anything I've experienced before.

For that reason – I had been worried that my phone would have gotten soaked that way – so I decided to take pictures after I got home and just before I started cleaning up.

Enjoy!

$$

$$

$$

