Extreme desperation, how to really lose control

Author: pee667

*000*2018-07-26 16:29

Hi all !

Tonight I'm just home alone, so I want to test my limits. I've never experienced an uncontrollably wetting or leaking, because I always feels so uncomfortable and impatient that I don't want to wait anymore and push on my rock hard bladder so I have an acciddent. But tonight I really want to have for the first time uncontrollable leaks and finally wetting, and a really extreme desperation. So have you some tips for that ? What drink should I drink to have a rapid and very intense desperation to make me close to losing it fastly, and in which quantity ? There are some positions which increase the desperation and make it even more difficult to hold it ? And finally in which type of clothes do you think I can do this desperationd and wetting, knowing that I will certainly do it in my bed, barefoot.

*003*2018-07-29 15:40

Hi all !

The night when I post the topic, haven't yet an answer, I even decided to do the hold. I drank two cups of tea, one cup of coffee and 5 glasses of water and I decided to do this poll : https://www.misterpoll.com/polls/613825

So the urge to pee became very strong from the 9th question. I drank 3 glasses of water + 3 that I had to drink in the precedent questions of the poll, so I just drank 11 glasses of water + 2 cups of tea and 1 of coffee. After this, I had to wait during 45 min. During this time, I was waiting for a friend who would bring me back my pack of cigarettes that I had left him. I was waiting in my hall, and I was by that time really desperate to pee. I was jumping around in the all living room, and squeezing my crotch like mad.

When he came and gave me my cigarettes, I went out on my terrace to smoke, and I decided to impose myself more challenge : forbidden to hold my crotch or squeezing my penis. So I shaked my legs like really mad and felt on the point of losing it, in the first time of my life. After, I had to close the cover of my pool. When I arrived next to it, the contact of my bare feet on the wet floor of the edge of the pool made me lose a stream of pee in my briefs. I known at this moment that I was too desperate to pee, and that I just will can't hold it really much longer.

When I was closing the pool, I lost 2 or 3 streams, making a little spot on my black sweatpants shorts. Then, I also had to close the umbrella above my garden table, so I had to get on the table. This movement made me loose another spurts, and I had, at this moment, a tennisball-sized spot on the front of my shorts. Then I returned in my room, and continue the poll, even if I was already wet and was just bursting to pee, jumping and crossing my legs. It was clearly the worst need to pee of my life.

The question where I had to push on my bladder 50 times made me lost control a bit, but I managed to stop the stream. I had now a spot of the size of two tennis balls on my shorts. But it was the last question of the poll, where I had to lay down on my stomach, put a water bottle under my bladder and just lift my legs and arms for 10 seconds, that made me lost control. At the second where I lay down, I began to spurted totally uncontrollably : all my shorts were soaked, and my feet were bathing in a huge puddle of pee.

It was just a wonderful experience, but I want to repeat an experience like this tonight, and I will maybe use the method of rapid desperation which was offered to me in the answers ! Is it effective ? And finally, I really don't know what to wear during this, knowing that I was wearing a black sport shorts during my first wetting.. Have you suggestions of clothes (knowing that I'm a boy and I don't wear female clothes) ?

