Sooo damned desperate!

Author: Piddly

*000*2019-10-07 13:35

Ok, so not a 'wetting experience', but one hell of a holding one.

Yesterday was a long-ass day at work, a stupidly early start and a really late finish, coupled with trying to do 25 million other non-work things at the same time, so by the time I made it home last night I was absolutely exhausted. So much so, I skipped my usual nightly ritual of a bubble bath and a good book (often combined with a drink and a a 'herbal' smoke) and just collapsed into bed.

I'd kept myself super well hydrated throughout the day, not because I was deliberately holding - I tend not to do that at work as it doesn't end well - but because I work in a hot environment, and suffer from terrible headaches if I've not drank enough. So, throughout the day I'd probably drank maybe 3-4 litres of soft drinks and at least half a dozen large coffees, and as a result I'd needed to pee far more frequently than I normally do, literally every hour or so, which was a pain when I was so busy.

Fast forwarding back to bedtime, I took another litre of pop with me and drank that whilst I was flicking through some social media and winding down, but found I was far too comfortable to get up and empty my nagging, aching bladder again before I turned the lights out, so I thought what the heck I'll enjoy a nice long piss when I wake up instead. Slept like a log for a couple of hours, then woke up super-mega-urgently desperate to pee, thinking how on earth did I not wet the bed I need to go so bad, that level of desperation! I was tempted to just let go there and then, but it would have been a pain dealing with the cleanup in the middle of the night, and I was still half asleep so figured it was too much effort to either get up and pee or to pee in my bed and deal with the consequences. So, what was my other option? To roll over, go back to sleep, and secretly hope that I woke up to some laundry...

Alas, I managed to sleep for another couple of hours, until it was time to get up for the day, but everything by some miracle was still dry! I genuinely have no idea how, this time I was literally shaking when I woke up, and there was no deliberating my options or contemplating rolling back over, I leapt to my feet and sprinted to the bathroom, barely seating myself before there was a veritable deluge of hot pee. I've never been interested in measuring capacity, but how I wish I'd thought to whip it out into a jug or bottle or something, because that must have been the most I've ever pissed in one go in my entire life.

All day I've suffered the after effects of a weakened, tired bladder, dashing to the loo every hour or so despite drinking far, far less than yesterday, and only managing a trickle at best. Glad I've not had to be far from a toilet all day, because I've absolutely zero confidence in my ability to hold anything much right now. Still astounded that I was able to sleep whilst that desperate, and that by bladder didn't just let go. Bit disappointed if I'm honest - I'd like to have just that one off, genuine bedwetting accident one day (although in the right circumstances obviously!), as its only ever happened twice that I recall, both when I was a young kid, and neither was a positive experience.

*002*2019-10-07 16:44

Tell me about it...normally I'm the type who just has to get up for that last pee before falling asleep, because otherwise it niggles at me until I do and keeps me wide awake. I must have been so whacked after yesterday that literally nothing was coming between me and sleep, haha.

I'll have to try and replicate it, see if I can get to the same stage and then measure it, because I don't doubt for a second it would have been a massive amount!

