Childhood experience

Author: peeurpants4me

*000*2020-02-26 02:50

So this is a pretty short one, but I look back on it fondly.

It was like maybe 3rd or 4th grade, and there was this girl in my class who I was friends with. Since we were small we used to hide underneath the steps to the portable classrooms and "play". However, for us, "play" was showing each other our private areas. We were obviously very weird kids. I remember the two of us being wedged under the steps and I told her she should pee. She was wearing a skirt so she pulled her underwear to the side but i said she should keep it on so she did. Then she said I had to do it too. Unfortunately I was wearing jeans so I faked that I didnt have to pee. We did a lot of other things most people would look back on as gross but I kind of wish I'd have explored more with her and stayed her friend farther into my teenage years. As it turns out she's pretty attractive now but unfortunately we don't talk anymore and it'd be pretty weird to bring it up out of the blue. anyway hope you guys enjoyed.

*002*2020-02-27 16:25

Sounds like you're a lucky guy. I haven't had any other experiences since then, besides my ex, but they didn't really want to do it and it kind of didn't get the reaction I'd hoped for from either of us.

*007*2020-03-05 01:01

@justme, those are some awesome stories, I'd really love to hear of the one with Carolyn, if you don't mind sharing it?

*011*2020-03-17 13:53

I wish I had more to share, you guys are really sharing some awesome stories. Thank you!

*022*2020-08-24 01:14

{{14 hours ago, kittyearsamy said:

I did this loads on warmer days when we were playing outside, when the weather wasn't so good somehow magically I had better control lol (though still not perfect by any means).

I always preferred skirts so I could get away with wetting, or at least black jeans when I was a bit older I think. I didn't always wait 'til I was bursting as I figured somehow several smaller wettings would be easier to hide

Sometimes on non school days I'd put the days clean panties direct into the laundry so I could wear my patched ones an extra day

I sooo miss being small and being able to get away with wetting yourself more. I'd be mortified if my friends saw me weeing myself now lol.

}}

Who says they'd have to know? Keep it discreet Sandals work great for just letting it run down your leg in a grassy area.

