Chapter 1: My first time seeing a girl get desperate for me.

Author: Progamb99

*000*2023-04-03 02:38

So here goes my first ever story on here and real life experience.

I’ll start off introducing you to my at the time girlfriend who ended up being my wife after we started starting in highschool. I’m going to call her Cassy instead of her real name for obvious reasons. She was a shy girl who had never before had a boyfriend and really hid her beauty. She always tried to fly under the radar but was absolutely gorgeous when she tried to do herself up even slightly. She was a short and skinny dirty blonde standing about 5’ maybe 5’1 and weight 125 lbs. she was very skinny aside from her 34D boobs. (I’ll find a google image of a similar looking girl for reference and post it at the bottom)

I had been with her for about amonth or so and had finally gotten a little to comfortable one day while we were day drinking on summer break. She was a very innocent and sheltered girl so me admitting I would be very turned on by seeing her need to pee badly and potentially peeing her pants really caught her off guard.

We had agreed to try it a few days later regardless however she told me I would have to drink as much as her. She came over to my parents house wearing some light colored jean short, a tight black T-shirt that really made her boobs pop and old navy flip flops.

It started off with me getting us both a couple large plastic souvenir ups I had gotten from a sporting event of some kind which I would say both held somewhere in the neighborhood of 32 oz or 1 liter roughly. Her and I both finished the cups within 20 minutes and I went down stairs and filled them up again. This second one took her much longer to finish as I chugged mine in minutes. Once she got a little over half way into the second cup maybe 45 minutes after we had started drinking the first cup she admitted for that she already was having to pee. She continued on and finally finished the first cup after maybe 10 more minutes and by this point she was starting to squirm a little and grab her crotch here and there. She was becoming more vocal about the need to pee and I finally had just began to feel my need too.

Now I may spoil the fun for some here and will say that I NEVER get desperate. I must’ve been blessed at birth somehow because so have a massive bladder of steel and will go ahead and say even with me drinking both large cups my need never even came close to desperate. I also don’t enjoy holding like that because I not really into it.

Anyway back to the story

She was sitting on my bed and I sat in a gaming chair I had as we watched TV and chatted about whatever back then, she told me at this point that she was really starting to have to go and she was obviously squirming and holding her self much harder. My heart was absolutely RACING at this point. She was doing everything I’ve always dreamed of seeing and hearing and I just could not wait to see her hit her breaking point!

I asked her to rate her need on a scale of 1-10 and she said probably a 7 or 8 with the slightest bit of strain and discomfort in her voice.

A few more minutes get by with me seeing her squirm and holding her crotch pretty much constantly at this point, she stands up and says it hurts too much to stay laying down on the bed and she expressed her concern about how she didn’t want to pee on the bed and that she was getting close to losing control.

I stood up with her and kind of pushed her against the wall and began to kiss her. She was definitely into it but I could feel her still squirming and doubling over. She pulled away for a second and cross her legs and buried both hands in her crotch and yelled “ OH MY FUCKING GOD I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD!!!”

I nudge her bladder slightly and she jumped away and yells to stop.

” Babe if you fucking Touch me I’m seriously going to pee my pants”

I ask her to try to rate how bad it is again,

” it’s a freaking 10!!! I seriously can’t hold it anymore babe, can I please go pee?! I don’t have anymore clothes and seriously can not wait another second!!”

I reluctantly agree because I didn’t know how I could even go about washing her shorts with my parents home and right downstairs in the kitchen in between me and the laundry room. She promises that when she comes back over next time she will bri be more clothes and we could try this again, so of course I’m like hell yeah! Go pee! I can’t wait to see this again lol

I had my own bathroom just a little bit down the hall so I let her go and just stayed in my room while she did.

A couple minutes later she opens the door slowly and walks partially in and before I even look up she says

“ I peed my pants”

I looked up hoping to see the after math of a flood but it’s a tennis ball sized wet spot on her shorts.

“ I got right in front of the toilet and as soon as I started to unbutton and unzip my pants I couldn’t hold it anymore and started peeing.”

I ended up taking her shorts down stair anyway and just dried them real quick for her. Thankfully since all she drank was water the pee didn’t have any smell at all to it. The accident happened about an hour and 20 minutes after she started drinking the first cup. She peed again 30 minutes after the accident and then I took her home soon after that and she had to go pretty bad once I got her back to her house which was also about 20 minutes away.

I knew then that I might have hit he lottery with a perfect girl that just happened to be willing to drink water and hold her pee for me, and even better she had the bladder size of a kitten and I was just at the beginning of many years of exciting experiences that I’m about to share with all of you!

Thank you for sticking around and reading my longwinded post!

Chapter 2 is just around the corner😉&&

