Pretty sure I got caught

Author: Peepants1999

*000*2019-06-30 07:10

Hello all, I know I have not posted in a very long time and I apologize for that. I will be posting more frequently now. I have many stories I want to tell!

For ones that know know what I look like skip to the next paragraph to start the story. Otherwise here is a brief description of what I look like. I am around 6 feet tall And I am in pretty good shape I have abs and I run 2 miles 3 days out of the week and go to the gym the other 2 days (week days). I have brown hair and weight about 160lbs!

Start story here!

This is happened a few weeks ago after work! It was a long hot day out in the sun and I was drinking plenty of water to keep myself hydrated. I was wearing a grey shirt and khaki work pants that are a thick material to keep briers and other thorns Out, with work boots and light blue boxers.

After a 14 hour shift and going to the bathroom only once at 1:00 I got off around 6:30 and the fluids were definitely catching up to me, when I left work I was at a 6/10. I had to stop by the store to get groceries that I needed to make dinner that night. When I got to the store I was at about 7.5/10 and the need to go was increasing fast.

I got inside and started doing my shopping i was getting fidgety for my need to go but I brushed it off and continued down my list. After about 15 minutes of walking around finding what I needed I was at a 8.5-9/10 I was having to hold myself when I stopped to keep from leaking. When there was no one on the aisle I would cross my legs and squat down to try to relieve some pressure. My body was already tired and weak from work (manual labor job) and trying to hold wasn’t helping.

I was about half way done with my list when I had to do something. I knew there wasn’t much time before I didn’t get a choice to hold it and I was gonna have an accident right at my local grocery store near my house where many people I know might see me.

But then I got the great idea “just go a little to take the pressure off then you can finish up your shopping!”, “You’re wearing thick work pants and they will absorb all of it and won’t even show!”

So thats what what I did, I pretended to be looking at the different kinds of yogurt where no one was around and I started to go a little, I could feel the warmth start spreading on my right side thigh about softball size but only in my boxers, I quickly stopped to see if any had shown through and none did! It felt eccentric to finally pee my pants in public I had never done it on this scale before.

After i let the first spurt out there were 2 more spurts that quickly followed and I could feel a little stream roll down to my knee, I checked to make sure there was no damage and I continued my shopping. I was still at a 9/10 and I had to go bad and it felt like the spurts I let out made my bladder that much weaker like I was teasing it. I was about 3/4 of the way done when it hit me. I was walking down the chip aisle when a huge wave just hit me I let out a little spurt and when I tried to stop I couldn’t and I started to spring a constant leak in my pants.

There were people on the aisle so I couldn’t grab myself or cross my legs to stop the flow and with each step the stream go stronger I could feel the line of pee going to my knee and puddling when I took a step and it compressed to my leg. after about 4 steps I was able to gain control but the damage was done. For a good 10 seconds I was pissing myself and my great idea to go in my work pants that would show was going to shit as they were starting to show where I had just soaked my boxers and created a small pond at my knee, I panicked I quickly turned and squatted to pretend to look at different chips but really I was trying to not finish my deed and check out the damage...

I thought to myself “ fuck fuck fuck fuck” it wasn’t a full blown accident but it was definitely noticeable if you looked. I knew I had to get out of there quickly. Got in the checkout line not 100% done with shopping but I was 100% about to finish peeing myself as I waited the lines were long because it was around 6:50-7:00 which is a prime time for people to be going to the store around where I live.

While waiting in the check out line I ended up letting out one more 3-4 second stream to keep from fully flooding myself where I couldn’t hide it. But this time I adjusted myself (use your imagination and you’ll know what I mean) and was using the left side of my boxers and pants so basically a clean slate except for the little wet patch in the v of my crotch from my nearly full blown accident a couple minutes before.

I finally got up and got my things on the belt. At this point I had to go so bad I didn’t care who saw me I was so desperate that my penis was tingling from trying to hold it in with a constant drip that I couldn’t stop and my legs and arms were super shaky. I finished checking out and walked as fast as I could to my car using the cart to hid the wet spots from before.

I got to my car still decently dry, about a baseball sized wet spot on my knee with a one inch line going up to my thigh were there was a spot about the size of my hand so about 5 inches in diameter and the little wet patch on the v of my crotch.

I was loading everything in my trunk when another bit wave hit me, and this one hit hard. There was no stopping it, I was gonna pee my pants either in the car on the way home or right here in the parking lot. I was so turned on and had to go so bad that I didn’t care who saw me and I didn’t feel like messing up my seats in my car so I held back just to get the rest of the stuff in my trunk and as I started pushing the cart to the cart spots in the parking lot which seas about 5 spots up and the next row over I started violently peeing into my pants, i had adjusted back to my right side for this is just the side I prefer to tuck “it” to and the damp wet spot that was getting cold was now super hot and was very visible now, there was a strong hissing noise and there was so much it could not fall fast enough down my right side and started pooling around my penis trickling over to the left and wetting the left side too.

I could feel multiple different rivers flowing down my legs and once it got to my knees it was all flowing straight into my boots where it started sloshing around and pooling up I didn’t dare look behind me to see if anyone was staring all I could do was walk to put the car away and finish relieving myself I was almost done when I got to the car rack where I stood for about 10 seconds and pretended to be on my phone to finish going.

While standing there what didn’t go into my boot trickled onto the ground and left an outline of my boots on the ground... and here is where I and pretty sure I got caught. As I turned around to walk back to my car a lady (a pretty cute lady) was almost right behind me walking to get a cart Fromm the rack. I’m not sure if she saw me and felt bad or if she had no idea but as I turned we made eye contact and she smiled and said excuse me as she walked but I get a cart. I walked as fast as I could to my car... which was only about 30 yards, it felt like it took forever but I felt so good to finally of finished and I was so hot from what had judged happened that I didn’t care, and there were a few drops of a trail were I had walked before.

When I got to the door as I unlocked it I took a sec to inspect the damage and I was soaked! My light khaki pants were now dark brown down both legs and thighs as well as up the crack of my butt just a bit from were I had squatted earlier. I got in and Undid my pants to see my boxers and my light blue was now almost navy blue and there want a list blue spot on them, once in my car I could feel an erection coming on so I drove home got my groceries out and put my cloths in the wash then went and pleased myself and showered..

This was a few weeks ago and I can’t stop thinking about it! Did she see me? Did she notice at all? Was she being nice? Did she only walk over to get a closer look because she was into it? All of these thoughts have been racing through my mind and I really want to do it again.. just not at my local grocery, maybe one I never go to!

Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed it! I have more stories I will be posting and I also have videos that I would love to exchange with some of you! If you are interested in trading wetting videos or doing holding challenges just message me and we can set them up!

