At The Gold Cup Final

Author: pt133

*000*2016-02-16 16:18

In Philadelphia, the Gold Cup final (North American soccer tournament) was being played. My friends and I ordered our tickets way in advance expecting the USA to make it there. Heh. Well, the majority of the fans were rooting for Mexico, and that made plenty of great sights, especially while tailgating. (By the way, I'm a male. After this the rest of the story is a female). So as we arrive and park my friend and I look around the parking lot for some outhouses (I would rather use a tree or go behind a car but there was a cop parked right there).

I had to pee since we left the house (about 2 hours with traffic into the stadium) so I was pretty close, probably an 8 on the scale. I didn't need to tap my foot or anything. We get in line for the 2 outhouses. The line is about 25 people deep. Right in front of us is a group of 3 Mexicans (2 guys one girl) and a friend of theirs that did not seem Mexican (She spoke English and never conversed with them in spanish). Hell maybe she was just in front of them in line, not a friend. Firstly, she was wearing high waisted denim shorts with 3 buttons.

She was wearing high white socks and converse, and a loose pink tank top that showed all of her belly. She had brunette hair that looked like she took a curling iron too beforehand. A bombshell in my opinion. When I look up from my phone, I see hee with both hands between her legs and her legs being slightly bent and crossed. I thought maybe she was just joking with her friends or something. She then had a worried look on her face and said something like "This is bad, I've never been like this," and then uncrowded and recrossed her legs. She repeated this process plenty of times, not saying anything but looking very worried.

The Mexican girl I mentioned before was moving her legs back and Orth a few times and joking about doing a pee dance, while seemingly doing a real one a few times. The desperate girl squatted down a few times and one of the Mexican guys mentioned she should go in the bushes and laughed. She simply grimaced at the comment and looked away. Finally she is the next in line and is crossing and uncrossing, bent over holding herself with both hands. She apologizes to the Mexican chick when an outhouse opens and the Mexican chick says it's okay and laughs a little, still doing a slight pee dance herself. The denim short girl must have had a hell of time getting those buttons undone (;

She took a while in there and came out with a huge smile on her face. Had I not gone in line with my friend I could have easily pulled my phone out and got some video of the desperate girl. The brightness of the sun wouldn't allow anyone around me to see what was on my phone, and my body would hide it anyway. But with my friend right next to me, I couldn't find an opportunity to. I'll try next time I'm alone and see this happening. I've gone tailgating before and whatever I pay for a ticket is worth it in the desperation that happens there. (:

