The Girl at the Festival

Author: pjs_1985

*000*2021-09-20 15:50

It was the second day of a music festival in the South of the UK. The weather, for once, was perfect and we had seen some ok bands earlier in the day.

Around lunchtime there were no more bands we wanted to see for a few hours and so I and 5 of my friends went back to the camp site to get some food and drink some of the beers we had brought with us.

We were all sitting around drinking, playing poker and listening to some music and had been there for about an hour when I realised all the beer was having an effect and I needed to pee. I like the feeling of holding it as long as it doesn’t get too bad so I decided to wait for a few more hands of cards and another beer.

After another 45 minutes I was starting to feel really desperate. The toilets were some distance away and there was always a massive queue. As I was contemplating this I saw the small patch of trees nearby where we had taken to peeing when it got dark and no one could see.

I was a bit unsure about doing this in the middle of the afternoon but a glance around the campsite showed that most people were obviously off watching the bands and there was no one too close to the trees.

I felt myself starting to get a bit more desperate and decided I didn’t have a lot of choice, I had drunk a lot of beer by this point...

I got up at the end of the hand and told my friends where I was going and walked off as quickly as I could towards the trees resisting the urge to grab my cock as I walked. ( I was only wearing a pair of shorts and it would have been way too obvious!)

As soon as I got to the group of trees I looked over my shoulder to make sure there was no obvious ways I could be seen but I was so desperate I didn’t want to waste time and started to pull my cock out of my shorts before I turned to face forward again.

As I turned I was standing there with my cock in my hand wearing nothing but a pair of shorts and some trainers. I was starting to get a little bit hard from the thrill that I might get caught

I was just about to start to piss against a tree when I heard a noise to my right, I looked and saw that a girl had obviously had the same idea but come from the other side of the trees.

I saw her just as she saw me and stopped we both stared at each other.

She was standing there in a thin short dress. I could clearly see her red bikini top and bottoms through it. She was about my age, had curly brown hair a thin waist and beautiful C or D cup breasts.

I stared for a second as she stared at me and then shoved her hands between her legs and crossed them. I finally realised that I was standing there with my cock in my hand and then that as I stared at her it was getting harder!...

I started to try to force it back into my shorts and to mumble that I was sorry when she moaned and doubled over pressing her hands harder between her legs.

Seeing that reminded me why I was there in the first place and I realised I needed to pee worse than ever and I wouldn’t be able to wait long...

At that moment she looked up at me and at the bulge where I had got my hard cock back into my shorts. She said I’m sorry but I cant wait any more and lifted up her dress. I caught a glimpse of a dark spot on her bikini where she had obviously leaked and that made me even harder.

She squatted down with her skirt bunched up around her waist and actually started to piss into her bikini before she pulled it to the side and started to pee onto the ground underneath her.

She moaned again as she started to pee and looked up at me. I was frozen there staring at her pussy. It was mostly shaved with a little patch of black hairs at the top and the stream of piss was shooting out of it very fast splashing the ground.

She saw me looking and said “You can watch if you want but you have to let me watch you too”

I couldn’t believe it I had never seen a girl pee before and certainly not one this hot! I just nodded and carried on staring and she kept pissing for what felt like ages. When the stream eventually started to slow down she said “Its your turn”

I turned to face the tree out of habit but she stayed squatting there and said “No you got to see me turn around”

I turned to face her with my hard cock in my hand and as desperate as I was I couldn’t go.... I tried but couldn’t piss

I looked at her and realised that her hand was in her bikini bottoms clearly touching herself.. I couldn’t believe it but she was squatting there with her hand in her bikini touching herself and now I could also see she had definitely started to pee too soon there was a definite wet patch visible...

Seeing that obviously triggered something because I started to pee almost immediately. Because I was so hard it was impossible to aim and started to spray all over the ground around me.

I couldn’t take my eyes off her the entire time and she just squatted there moving her hand slowly in her bikini bottoms.

She didn’t say a word as soon as I was done she just stood up, smiled at me and walked away.

I headed back to the camp site, told my friends I needed to go for a nap and spent the next hour in my tent reliving what I had just seen and making myself cum three several times.

I went back to pee in those trees at every opportunity for the rest of the festival but I never saw her again. Ever since then I have loved watching women pee especially in public, it gets me hard every time.

