Drunk girls in the bathroom...

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-12-08 02:26

Over the past few days I've been partying, having an excellent time, and peeing in a lot of places I shouldn't... Mainly my panties.

So last night I was at a house party, a friends 18th. Everyone was drinking and having a great time, I witnessed many people try and inconspicuously sneak off into bushes to relieve their bladders, many streams were flowing in the open of my friends back yard and I had to try and keep my eyes to myself not to seem too obvious.

My friend who was having the party was very drunk so her, a few other girls and I decided to go to her bathroom together, as girls do. None of them had to pee other then me but they all just wanted to join. As I pulled down my panties and started to piss loudly into the toilet their faces changed, as they were suddenly realising just how bad they had to go... But unfortunately for them I had to do some extra business so they had to wait until my bowels were empty too. The birthday girl stood with her hand between her crotch desperately dancing, shuffling from foot to foot in order to distract herself from her aching bladder. The other girl pulled up her skirt and down her panties to her knees, in order to avoid mess. She stood right in front of me while I was on the toilet, her vagina was right in line with my face, but she didn't mind as she was so desperate to go.

I tried to hurry as I genuinely felt bad, but as I was almost finishing the girl with her panties down started to dribble onto the floor in front of me. Her thighs pressed together instinctively but the flow couldn't be stopped and she pissed all over herself right in front of me. It was hard not to show my obvious interest, she was so embarassed but once she had finished going she laughed it off and started to clean up.

Seeing my friends mess the birthday girl couldn't hold it and she ran to the shower and squated down. Her loud hissing stream started to hit the tiles and she sighed in relief. She peed for about a minute and a half and I wondered how she didn't realise she was desperate, I suppose alcohol does that to you. After she had finished pissing she lost her balance and fell right into her puddle, making her tight red dress very noticeably wet...

The two girls then showered together and got in some fresh clothes, and I finished my business.... It was very hard not to be too aroused by the unfortunate but laughable situation.

