Another desperate ultrasound

Author: Pancakes

*000*2021-01-14 19:28

I had to get another pelvix ultrasound recently and was yet again forced into desperation. I drank 2 bottles of soda before leaving for my appointment but with my large bladder I worried it wouldn't be enough. So on the way there I stopped at a gas station near my house for a large coffee. I could feel the tickle in my bladder and wondered if I should go to the bathroom. I had plenty of time before my appointment, what if I drank too much and couldn't hold it. Yeah, I'll go pee, by the time it's my appointment I'll be full again. I round the corner to the bathroom only to find them closed off for cleaning. I thought no big deal gotta hold my bladder for this anyway.

The drive was about 20 minutes, not bad. But I could feel my bladder begin to poke me and remind me "hey empty me" I push the though away nd keep driving, loosening my seat belt strap. By the time I arrive to the parking garage I realize I may have needed that gas station bathroom. All the soda and coffee has doubled in my tingling bladder. I definitely would have filled back up if I was allowed to pee at the gas station. I find a place to park and step out of my car. My bladder pushed down with every step I take. 

My abdomen and vagina ache trying not to spurt into my pants. "I'll just pee a little when I get inside." I think to myself and shuffle to the elevators trying not to spread my legs too far apart as I walk. I press the elevator down button and nervously watch the lights at the top ping down to my level. I shift side to side trying whatever I can to take some pressure off. I know the elevator is a safe space, I can push my fingers into my vagina to receive some strain on my muscles keeping my pee in.

The elevator doors open, two people are already inside. "Fuck, there goes that" I mumble to myself as I walk in. I press my floor number and wait anxiously. Of course the elevator stops to pick up more people. And lean forward a bit. I'm going to burst. I can't hold this much longer. I have never had to pee so bad in my life. The elevator goes down. Every single person gets off at a different level. So many stops. Please I just need to get to my floor to let go of half my bladder. Finally arrived, I bolt out the elevator and into the room for my appointment. 

I sign in at the front desk and wave down the receptionist on the phone. She puts her finger up to signal me to wait a moment. I shove my hand between my legs and bounce, wincing in pain. My bladder is pushing on the waist band of my pants desperately trying to make more room for itself. I wave at her again with tm free hand. Again I get the finger. Fuck, no way I can hold this. My peephole is quivering trying it's best to keep the floor back. She hangs up the phone and turns to me. "I need to use the restroom, please." She looks at the computer screen for a moment and back at me "you're here for a pelvic ultrasound right? You can't go to the bathroom, your bladder needs to be full."

"I understand that but I can't hold it much longer. I'll only pee a little bit."

"I'm sorry but I can't let you do that. We have done that for people in the past and they end up emptying their bladder and having to reschedule. It's a policy now that we don't allow restroom breaks until after the exam. Please have a seat. Aa soon as your exam is done you can use our restroom, they go quick. You can hold it."

I bounced with my hand between my legs and looked at the waiting room. 2 other people that in the chairs. I took my seat and looked at the clock. Oh my God I'm 20 minutes early. I unbutton my pants and sigh a small but short-lived sigh if relief. After about 15 minutes my bladder had already outgrown the space I just gave it. 20 minutes passes. No sign of the doctor. I raise my free hand and call out for the receptionist.

"I really have to pee, how long will this be?"

"Shouldn't be much longer, doctor isn't too far behind."

I rapidly tap my foot until 5 minutes later I'm called back. Finally! I slowly get up out of my seat and walk to the door to the room. I instructed to take my pants off and cover with a blanket as I lay on the table. Laying down I felt all the pee slosh around.

"This one will be a vaginal exam." The doctor says.

I have had these before, they aren't bad if you don't have a bursting bladder. I lay back trying to relax just enough but I'm not able to focus on anything other than my bladder. The ultrasound want slowly slides in causing a strange pressure on the back of my bladder. I grit my teeth and curl my toes trying not to pee. Finally it over.

"You can use the bathroom, its right through that door."

The bathroom was attached to the room I was in. I didn't bother to grab my pants, I held on to that blanket and ran right in. I was dribbling down my legs as soon as I saw the toilet.

