My first accident in school and on bicycle

Author: paulstern

*000*2019-12-26 16:48

It was in the last few days of school I was writing a 4 hour exam in math. At that point I was 19 years old. I'm typ of shy guy. Not so many friends at school and the most important thing I never wanted to be noticed by teacher and schoolmate. I had a nervous night before because of the exams and I drank a lot of water. In the morning I felt really sleepy and drank at home two coffee.. Normally every time I'm drinking tea or juice. I take my bicycle and go to school. We were all to early at the school, because no one wanted to be to late. Still very sleepy I went to the coffee automate in the hall and put my coins in. But I didn't realize that I forgot to press the milk button. I got black coffee. So I took a sip and go with half full cup in the class room.

We started the exams and it went well. I got for my thirst water and juice in my bag. Sometimes I took sip water, sometimes a sip of juice for a little bit sugar. After 3 hours I was done with most of the exam and I realized that I still had a half cup of coffee. I took it and it was cold. Surprise and it didn't taste well. So I got my water bottle and take sip. In that moment I started feeling a little bit desperate. But I still didn't want to go toilet. I didn't want to ask for a break by the teacher I hate and interrupt also my schoolmates by that action.

So I went on controlling all my exercises. Shortly close to the end I spurt a leak in my boxers. I controlled the situation again and nothing more happens. The mini relief was good at the moment. Time was over and I wanted to go fast as possible home. I hate to go on the school toilets. So I go to my bike and rush off. I was thinking about the moment back I pissed in my boxers and feeling my crotch. The short pants was a bit clammy. In that moment I was leaving the sidewalk to change on the street. One hand in crotch and I hear a sound of my bike chain. I fall. That accident made my bladder explode in the moment of realizing what had happend I feel my pants getting wet. I take as fast as possible my bike and get back on my way. Nobody saw what happend. I got to the park near to my parents home and lay down a bit in the sun to dry my pants. My mom was it home and I didn't want her to see my wet pants.

