Experimentation interrupted

Author: Punk Hazardous

*000*2018-07-23 20:20

This is male omo, so you're aware. I just hope that it will be of interest to someone!

So I was alone in my living room, my roommates having just left, planning on taking a shower today, and had decided to take advantage of my mild urges for the bathroom to try writing some fiction (I feel like I write better if I'm a little desperate or turned on). All perfect ingredients to "accidentally" wet myself for the first time in months.

I was playing video games - perfect excuse - and tapping away on my phone, and essentially wrote my future. My character was on his couch, trapped in a fashion, and he lets put his first leak. Well, the best way to be able to describe is often through doing! I relaxed myself and a minuscule trickle pushed through my lounge wear. It was definitely a cool shot and I wanted to take a picture of it (I'd eventually be unable to replicate it) for my Tumblr. Camera primed, I felt my hip get a little warm and wet... Then before I could go any further, someone knocked on the front door. Cue the panic.

So far, it was just one or two leaks. The damage wasn't bad, as long as I could keep it covered as best I could, no one would notice. I got up and pulled the hem of my shirt down, noticing that it felt mildly damp to the touch. The maintenance guy was here to tow away an old fridge, which didn't take too long, as well as another maintenance fix.

Once he was gone, and I had settled back into my seat with a towel this time, I had managed a couple more healthy leaks before ANOTHER visitor came knocking. Not too confident in my shirt's ability to hide everything this time, I donned a light jacket, hoping that maybe it would distract from the fact that maybe my pants were a little damp. Luckily it was just a UPS guy with a package - it'd be an even faster exchange. I signed real fast with slightly nervous hands and snatched up the package for a roommate.

Transaction finished, I locked the door once more. Satisfied with the shots I had gotten, I was ready to get rid myself of the rest of my burden and then shower. I wanted to try one last thing. I grabbed all laundry I could find that needed to be done, put it in the washing machine, then hopped up there myself to sit over the opening, still fully clothed.

In what would have been considered a desperate maneuver for someone actually out of time, I let go into my already damp clothes, and felt a warm wetness pool under me in a new way. It couldn't dribble down my legs, and took the easiest path downward, falling into the drum and making a very pleasant sound. As it came to a halt (faster than I would have liked), I could do nothing but curl my toes and take in the feeling. It was also pretty convenient to not have wet legs and feet, for when I went up to the shower!

Here are some of the pics I just took.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2018-07-23 21:21

Thank you, all! ?

