Setting Myself up for Pee-disaster

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-07-20 01:12

Wanted to do another hold today and see if I could make it home. I started at work after lunch by drinking a large coffee. I was wearing a light pink blouse with light blue skinny jeans. It took awhile for it to get to my bladder because I just finished lunch and my belly was full. Im a big girl so I eat alot.

After an hour or so I started to get a little fidgety, and I kept drinking water every half hour till the end of the work day. By the time I was about to leave, I was bursting pretty badly, and now the big challenge was to make it home without losing it.

Getting on the train I started to REALLY regret this plan bad. I was soooooo desperate and in extreme discomfort in front of alot of people. My anxiety started to kick in, and the whole train ride home was absolute pee torture. I started dribbling on the seat and kept one hand between my legs to hold myself and not make it look obvious.

Somehow, I actually made it off the train with minimal wetness. The back of my jeans were a bit wet, hopefully no one noticed. Now the walk home I could feel my bladder slowly giving out the closer I got to my house. I squeezed my crotch while I leaked and spurted through my fingers. By the time I got to my house my jeans were fairly wet in between my legs.

Once I reached my door and started looking for my keys, I couldn't bear it for another second. My bladder had had enough, spasmed, contracted and forced the pee out. A loud hiss sounded in my jeans from the powerful gush of my bladder giving out. A big jet of pee bursted out of the front of my jeans and I stood outside my door watching my jeans get drenched from crotch to ankles for almost 3 minutes. I went inside, showered, put on something light n comfy and did my laundry.

This was my most intense wetting yet! I seriously pushed my bladder stregnth to the limit today. Maybe next time ill actually make it into the house maybe even onto the toilet. Hope you enjoyed, thanks for reading!

*003*2018-07-20 05:58

{{38 minutes ago, Martin1 said:

Sounds wonderfully...any pictures?

}}

Sadly no. Im not comfortable posting pics of myself

