A Fetish Chronicle

Author: PERVasive

*000*2012-07-02 00:38

I've been meaning for a long time to write a history of my experiences growing up and into my pee/poo fetish. Responding to the thread in General Discussion about "How You Discovered Omorashi" provided a convenient excuse to finally make a start. This is in the form of a chronicle, and it covers my fetish as far back as I can remember, so I don't expect it to be terribly erotic, at least in the early bits. I hope this is the right forum to post this sort of thing – I'm new here, so if I've put this in the wrong place, I hope a mod will set me right. :)

Chapter 1: The Early Years

I've pretty much been into pee and poo as long as I can remember, which puts the origin for me at least as early as potty training, but possibly even earlier. My earliest memory, my only memory of diapers, is of waking up from a nap and having spit up (vomit was an aspect of my fascination up until the end of elementary school), and feeling wonderful in a way that seems similar to feelings I now associate with my fetish. I also remember a profound feeling of loss on "bye bye diapers" day.

I was out of diapers around age 3 or 4 I think, because I remember starting potty training before preschool. I was accident prone through first grade, after which I have had essentially perfect bladder and bowel control. From preschool on through most of elementary school I remember having this indefinable fascination with pee and poo; for example, there was an incident where I and a couple other boys showed our penises to each other, probably in second grade, and I felt most unsatisfied by the experience, but couldn't place why, while the other boys seemed to have no such feelings. 

I now recognize the feeling as sexual, but at that age I had no inkling of sexuality, so the only thing I could figure out to express that feeling was by doing all sorts of strange things with pee and poo. I suppose it is possible that I went through a homosexual or bisexual phase as a child, and this was an example, but I did masturbate at that age, and I had no desire to touch the other penises; also, all of my infatuations were with girls; I therefore think it more likely that my proto-sexual feelings were a manifestation of my pee/poo fetish.

Some of the things I remember doing during the period up to middle school age include:

Instead of walking to the bathroom in the dark, when I would wake up at night, I often peed in the dirty clothes hamper in my closet. (up to age 6) When I would need to pee at recess, I would often find a place on the playground to pee, such as in a secluded tire on the playground, or lying face down in the gravel. I sometimes did this with friends. (through elementary school) In one tantrum, I whipped it out and peed on the floor in front of my parents. (age 3) There was one famous incident when I pooped my pants quite badly at school, and neither my teachers or my parents noticed the bulge or identified the smell. So to avoid getting caught, I stashed the thoroughly messed pants inside our foam fold-up couch. My parents smelled it later that evening and found the pants, of course. (age 4) I remember a conversation with a number of my preschool classmates about wetting the bed.

We were all questioning this one girl about what it felt like, since we had all heard about it and knew that bed wetting was something some kids did, but none of us did it. I asked her if it felt good or she liked it; she said it did feel good and she did like it, and that I should try it. I went home and peed the bed on purpose that night. I really soaked it: there was not a dry spot on the sheets. My parents were not happy, and I didn't do that again for a very long time. In first grade, we had to write "letters to ourselves" at the beginning of the year. I wrote a song about how I wanted to be a baby so that I could wear diapers and pee and poop myself whenever I wanted. During the same year, I started the "gross club" with my best friend. In this context I drew countless pictures relating to pee, poo, and also vomit (as I mentioned).

I also made outlandish plans, such as a tree house that would have a bed specially to pee and poop in. I shared almost all of this stuff openly with both kids and adults; it was relatively accepted by my classmates to be fixated on pee and poop at that age. I remember a friend in first grade trying to organize a play (of course it didn't happen), and my main concern was what if I needed to pee during the play. I got her to agree that we would wear diapers. In second grade, I made a "science project" in my basement where I peed and pooped in a foam container for a week and let it sit out; I also got two friends to "contribute." I think the idea was that eventually the two substances would blend into one. What actually happened is that I got in big trouble and one of the friends' parents refused to let him go over to my house again.

Not my finest or most brilliant hour, but the first time I realized that my fixation was at all abnormal or something to hide. There was a spot in the little patch of woods next to the playground that I used to go after school just to pee and poop outside. For a year or so I was joined by my third through fifth grade best friend. He often got in trouble for this from his mom, not because she knew what we were up to, but because he didn't know how to poop outside and got his pants dirty every time. 

There were also a couple times that I snuck away in my (relatively small) back yard and peed or pooed there. I used to go and play on this one street in my neighborhood where many kids lived, but I was told not to return after an incident in fourth grade where I and a group of kids peed on one of the houses' fences. Around fifth grade, I stopped engaging in all these sorts of public and semi-public activities, and I realized that I could find out for myself what it felt like to pee my pants – by that point, the feeling was only a memory.

I started at night, emulating my early childhood habit of peeing in the dirty laundry hamper, by holding close my lone remaining stuffed animal, a cheetah, and peeing into him. After a few weeks of doing this, Cheetah started to smell, and my parents caught on. By that point, though, I had figured out that I could do the same thing with some old pants that didn't fit me, at first using them the same way as Cheetah, and then I tried putting them on and wetting. I loved the feeling. I hid the pants under my bed so that my parents wouldn't find out.

After doing this for a while, I became curious to try pooping my pants, as I remembered pleasurably the sticky feeling I had gotten when I used to have genuine messy accidents. When I tried it again, on purpose, the feeling was everything I had remembered it to be. (Incidentally, praying not to be caught in these initial explorations of wetting and messing was one of my first strong spiritual experiences; I have been religiously inclined ever since.)

I don't remember exactly how things progressed from there. I definitely remember peeing through my briefs while sitting on the toilet. I don't remember what my clean-up logistics were like in that era; I'm sure they weren't terribly clever, but I at least had the illusion of secrecy most of the time. At some point I figured out about desperation and holding, but I don't remember that as a major event; perhaps it was obvious. At age 13, my parents got dial-up internet for the first time, and it occurred to me to Google Image Search "pee." This led relatively quickly to my discovering the first generation web community of what I then realized was a sexual fetish: Patches' Place, Shara and Ger's, websites that I barely remember. I consider this to be the end of my early years and the beginning of the maturity of my fetish.

There is one other incident that probably deserves to be included in this account, because it followed fairly close on the heels of my finding out about the fetish and the online community, and because it marked the end of my relative innocence regarding the fetish. This was my first summer at sleep-away camp. One night, my bunkmates and I were chatting after lights out, discussing what else but the girls at camp. I had fallen heels over head (head over heels is a silly expression – that's how one is supposed to be arranged!) for this girl Jill after seeing her take her swim test. Conversation turned to all the very graphic sexual things we would do to the girls we liked. I, having often been admired by my classmates for my precocious sexual knowledge and expecting the same reaction, shamelessly remarked that I would like to give her a golden shower.

I thereafter had to explain what this was. I think the reaction of my bunkmates was a mix of admiration and disgusted titillation. What has burned the incident forever in my memory, though, is that as I was saying all this someone had been walking by our cabin, and in the morning he spread my comment around the entire camp, including to the girl I had been talking about. I was teased mercilessly about it all summer, and the girl even came up to me the following summer and mentioned it to me. I was so embarrassed that I feigned amnesia – though in retrospect, who knows what might have happened if I had had that conversation with her: we might both have been expelled from camp! In any case, this incident was the first time I realized that the pee and poo fetish was a major taboo, and probably indirectly sparked my interest in the politics of sexual diversity.

*003*2012-07-07 03:01

Thanks for the kind words. Sadly, from what I've ascertained talking to others, I experienced far more tolerance growing up than is typical for people with these sorts of fetishes.

I've started thinking about how best to structure the rest of the chapters. There start to be a lot of memories to sift through as I get to my teenage years, and I'm also doing my best to dig up old stuff I've written. When I'm ready to post the next chapter, do you think I should reply to this thread or make a new thread?

*006*2012-07-17 05:57

{{: 

That account of yours was very interesting, PERVasive! Every day I learn more and more about what it is to be a human on Planet Earth! I can remember down to about age 4 in my own life - that I liked playing "drowning sailors" in the bath at that age, and that a poo accident as I was going to school at age 6 I found was pleasant, and started my messing fetish - though I didn't do much more with that till puberty.

}}

I'm so glad you put it that way. One of my main goals in writing this was to start to figure out how to frame fetish experiences as part of the human condition, rather than as something somehow separate from other modes of human experience, which is the notion I get from a lot of fetish erotica.

What is "drowning sailors"?

