Bursting Birthday

Author: peefilledopal

*000*2017-11-17 03:32

Hey guys! I'm new to this site, but not to Omorashi or writing. I'm here to talking about my first wetting experience.

The was warm and sunny. I was now 18 and I felt an overwhelming desire to take on the world. I had invited over my best friend Chad and Beverly. Brianna was there too but she had to leave early due to her peanut butter allergy. (And yes I told her that we having peanut butter icing; she's a mad woman). Chad had just turned 17 last week and was always trying to outdue my birthday party. Chad was helping my father cook burgers while Beverly and I were downing lemonade after lemonade. We had made a few gallons and stored them in the fridge, so we weren't too worried about having to make more. I felt the first twinge in my bladder when I sat up in the pink lawn chair. I had then realized I forgot to take my morning pee, as I was so ready to jump into the pool.

Chad was flipping burgers into the air trying to grab my attention. I crossed my legs and turned to face Beverly.

''Do you think Chad is trying to make me a housewife?'' I asked curiously as I shifted my bladder to rest on the chair.

''Totally. He's been trying since middle school. I bet he talks about shagging you to Jason and Ethan all the time.'' Beverly smiled and fixed her tanning foil. ''Jason says Chad has a weird kink. I don't know how it could be worse than Jason's Knight roleplay.''

I blushed. I have a variety of kinks, ranging from vanilla to downright disgusting. Being raised in such a prudent small neighborhood didn't help.

''Go for it. He's got cash, a heart, and the brains to go with the bod. To be honest I'm jealous Opal.'' Beverly motioned to Chad as he waved over.

My bladder pressed me to use the bathroom as I glanced Chad up and down. He had discarded his shirt, showing off his abs. His fair blonde hair was falling into his dark brown eyes. Yet all I could think about was the lemonade crying to come out. Tiny droplets were pressing at my entrance. I knew I had to come up with an excuse or I was going to wet my shorts all over the groomed lawn.

I tried asking Beverly to swim with me but she was too focused on her tan. I shakily stood up and was walking towards the door when my father came out carrying hotdog and burger buns. He locked the door and called us to eat. A swarm of people past by me, allowing a moment to shove my hand into my pockets. I gripped my pussy and jammed the cloth into my crotch. I started leaking and gasp. I shoved my fingers against my pussy as hard as I could, sweat now forming on my brow. Pleasure and fear rattled my mind. My mantra ranted through my mind, '' Pee peee peee PEE!''

Chad had made his way over to me with drinks in red solo cups.

''I brought you some vodka. I heard you snuck some from your dad's basement a few days ago, so I had Jason buy some for your bday.'' Chad smirked and kissed the corner of my lips.

I was stumbling over my words and only remember downing the vodka before pulling him into my white truck. The only thing I could think of was to go on a beer run for the adults. I wasn't allowed to go out by myself until I was 20. (My dad's dumb rule).

''Woah there girly, wanna get me alone why don't ya?'' Chad licked his lips. It was hard not to notice him looking me up and down. At the time I didn't realize what his fetish was, or that he was crossing his legs too.

I don't remember much of the ride, I just remember wetting myself in the corner of the store and Chad telling me it was okay. I ended up ditching my wet shorts and riding to makeout point with him to calm down. We stayed there just staring at the stars until he 'had to go home'. It was one of the best brithdays so far.

