Tried peeing in a urinal - accidentally wet my socks

Author: Pippilotta

*000*2019-08-08 20:37

Yesterday i tried something new: I (a girl) peed in a urinal.

At work we have a unisex toilet, where you can lock the front door und that has a urinal and a toilet. I've always wanted to try, if it's possible for me to pee in the urinal.

So yesterday i waited until i really had to go, since i figured i needed a lot of pressure to aim. Plus i wanted to wait until most of my coworkers had already left. Then locked myself in the toilet, took off my shoes and pants and by that time i was already quite desperate and had to concentrate to hold. When i really have to go taking my pants off often makes me leak. But i didn't want to waste a drop, so i did my best and managed to position myself infront of the urinal while pressing my hands between my thighs to hold.

I pushed my hips forward as far as possible and slowly let go, to see if it would work. It did, but hit the edge of the urinal, so that i almost missed. So i decided to help myself to some more pressure und pushed both hands on my bladder...suddenly a hard, hot stream of piss shot from my pussy, making a hissing sound. It worked! Standing there, my legs spread, hips pushed forward, pissing with a lot of pressure made me so horny. My clit was swollen and i felt wetness dripping from my hole.

I started to think about rubbing my pussy but then, suddenly, the automatic flash started.

I was so surprised, that i instinctively went a step backwards... Yeah, all while still peeing. I tried to hold it immediately, but couldn't make it. I could just stand there, gibe up and continue to empty my bladder fully, on the floor, in front of the urinal, totally soaking my socks with hot piss...

Then i went to the toilet to get paper and clean everything, leaving some nice little drops of pee on the floor on my way.

I dressed myself and then went home, socks wet from the pee and was quite proud of myself fir beeing so brave, despite this little accident.

