Peed in the Same Pants All Day!

Author: PantsWetter

*000*2018-03-27 17:57

I'm sorry I haven't posted in a while. I have a lot of stories to tell but I just haven't had any time to post about them.

Anyway, this story happened when I was 13. I was sleeping over at my friends house. We were basically boyfriends but never really said we were. We would kiss, hug, and cuddle but because we were 13 we never really admitted that we were gay. He don't crossdress like I did but he did wear really tight jeans which I liked. On this weekend we decided to do a double sleepover. I would sleepover at his house for 2 nights in a row. When I got their I brought 2 pairs of girls skinny jeans that I got from American Eagle. One was darker than the other but they were light blue jeans. I also brought a pair of pajamas but I don't end up using those. He was wearing tight light blue boys skinny jeans.

He lived in a really nice waterfront home/mansion so when we got their we went straight to the guest room to play some video games. After that we decided to swim in his pool. Then mom brought us lemonade we both drank the whole thing.

We were jumping on his trampoline when he said that he really needed to go to the bathroom. I had already went because of my small bladder. He started to get out of the trampoline and I got an idea. I ran up to him and started tickling him. Now, I like to call myself a tickling master. Anytime I tickle someone they always react to it and my friend was very ticklish. He started Yelling the usual, "STOP IM GONNA WET MYSELF!" but that just made me do more. I finally noticed a small patch growing on his jeans. He was peeing! That small pact slowly turned into a huge stain and a puddle on his porch. I dont think he was into omorashi but he was laughing when he said, "LOOK WHAT YOU DID!"

We laughed for almost a minute until he said he was gonna take a shower. It was getting late anyway so I was gonna take one too. We decided to take one togetthe

*004*2018-04-02 00:03

{{On 3/30/2018 at 9:36 AM, blasseroz said:

Interesting, but I'm waiting for the connection to the title - is there more to come?

}}

There was much more to the story but I uploaded it too early and It wouldn't let me edit it

