Surprise Yard Work

Author: PsN3rd

*000*2019-03-19 05:06

Hey everyone, it's been a while since I've been active, so I thought I'd share an experience from a couple years ago. My writing has gone downhill over the past little while, but bear with me and maybe you'll still enjoy the story.

So, I'm a dude, I was 28ish when this happened. I'm short, and at the time, I was pretty overweight unfortunately. I've recently lost a lot of weight, but that's a different story. So, I still live at home with my parents due to poor decisions right out of high school. No college for me, I helped put my ex through college, poor spending habits, then I finally went to college, and my parents are far too nice to let me stay home for so long. I'm really lucky, but I kind of hate living at home for so long all at the same time. Anyway, I still do what I can to help out around the house and pay for bills like electricity and stuff so that I'm not just a total freeloader.

One day, my dad hacked down a tree that was right up against our house. It was causing some foundation issues and it was killing our siding, so we decided it had to go. My dad got the chainsaw and cut the tree into manageable pieces and just left the pile of wood right in the yard by the house. For days, this mutilated tree sat there, and my dad seemed to refuse to do anything about it. I kind of hate seeing the yard looking unkempt, so while my mom and dad were both at work, I decided to surprise them with a bit of yard work.

I donned a pair of gym shorts, sandals, a T-shirt, and a hoodie, and then got to work. Right around the time that I did this, my heart had given me some issues, so I was trying to get healthier. I was chugging water like crazy all day and then all the while I was outside cleaning my dad's mess. I started right as the sun was setting (it was Autumn, so it was getting darker earlier), and wound up working well into the dark.

I was almost done when I realized I had a pretty strong urge to pee. Earlier in the night, I felt like I could've relieved myself, but I was far too intent on moving this tree to a nearby brush pile. I probably hadn't noticed my increasingly desperate situation because I was lugging giant pieces of a tree onto a brush pile about fifty feet away, and I was really moving.

I was pulling the last (and biggest branch) down through the yard when I felt a leak. As a dude, we don't really leak a lot (at least I don't), but for me, I just kind of hit a point where I start to go. Like, if I'm holding it for a long time, and I hit a certain point where my muscles just don't feel like holding on, I stop holding and I start peeing effortlessly. Well, that's what happened. I didn't want to completely soak my shorts, in fact, I hadn't even planned to wet myself in the first place. I was just so set on cleaning this damn tree, that peeing became a lot less important.

By the time I dragged the last branch to the wood pile, I had leaked one more time. I dropped the tree and hunched over holding my dick in a handful of wet shorts and boxer briefs. I was ready to toss this branch to the top of the pile the best I could. Remembering some hammer-throwing and shotput stuff from high school track, I squatted down, grabbed onto the tree, and tried lifting with my legs to get it up into the air. Right at that moment, a nice stream of pee shot into my shorts and down my leg. I could tell my face was red, and I was pretty turned on by the idea of legitimately "accidentally" peeing myself. 

By this point, it was dark outside, so none of my neighbors could see me, so I just kept working with a huge wet spot on my shorts. After swinging part of the branch onto the pile, I stood for a second, caught my breath from throwing that giant hunk of wood, and relaxed my bladder a bit more. This time, I let a nice ten second stream of pee flow down my legs. The hiss of the stream hitting my shorts was hot, and the pee was nice and warm on this cool Fall night. I stopped the flow, and walked to my garage to put my tools away and feed our pet cat.

The whole walk up to the garage was nothing but short streams of pee shooting into my shorts. By now, my boxer briefs and shorts were both dripping with pee, and my job was done. I went in to feed my cat, and I was still letting out spurts into my shorts. Finally, after I was all done with my job and feeding my cat, I got to the back porch, took off my shoes, socks, and shorts, and took them inside to throw them into the washer, and I got a shower, emptying the rest of my bladder in the bathtub.

This was by far one of my favorite wetting experiences, even though it was fairly tame. There was no way anyone could see, and I was home alone, but it was still a lot of fun!

I hope you enjoyed the story, I'll try to remember more and post them as soon as I can!

*004*2019-03-20 09:45

{{On 3/19/2019 at 5:26 AM, Spectator9 said:

My previous home had a huge yard, and it would take four to six hours to mow and trim the grass and to do routine weeding of the gardens, so I'd be outside for a long stretch. I had a fridge in the garage that I kept well stocked with water, soda - and beer, and I drank those (usually the beer) all afternoon. My bladder has never been more than average capacity, and although I tried hard to hold in my pee until I was done, eventually I'd start to leak. The holding was a way of adding interest to otherwise boring tasks, and I would be disappointed when I couldn't hold it in any longer. I kept spare jeans and shorts in the garage so I could change when necessary. I didn't have any close neighbors and I wasn't on a busy road, so no one saw me with wet pants.

}}

Yeah, you're super lucky to be that secluded. I'm actually looking to find my own place now, and I'm hoping I can find something like that, but my area is really bad for new homes in general, so I don't know.

{{11 hours ago, fullbguy said:

Thanks for sharing! I enjoyed reading it

}}

Thanks! :D

