Survivors

Author: Psalm23_4

*000*2022-04-11 15:58

(TW: Suicide attempt)

My body was operating at maximum capacity. My brain was spinning, my legs were crossing in a rhythmic manner, my fingers were typing furiously, and my eyes were busily scavenging pages after pages of her messages for hints, hints that she still had the wish to live on, regardless of how slight it may be.

She said she had pills beside her bed that could easily be washed down by a few cans of beer conveniently placed in the fridge. I searched my mind for possible responses. I also searched my mind for the possibility to nip to the toilet and relieve my steadily increasing need. My brain felt like a pilot stuck in a cockpit straight out of Air Crash Investigation, forced to sort out a bunch of deafening, conflicting warning signals. Hers beat mine. I texted back with my legs recrossed. “Have you spoken to that therapist you trust? Maybe make an appointment next week so that you have at least something to look forward to?”

“No,” came her snappy reply. “No point bothering him anymore since my decision is made.”

As my mind raced on I realised that I had to keep a hand between my legs. Signals from the lower half of my body are beating those from the upper half, but I pressed them down in a way that almost seemed rude. My fingers were typing at their free will, at a speed that was ready to set the phone screen on fire any second. “Please,” I besought, “Please don’t swallow those goddamn pills yet. Think about those around you - those who know you - those who love you - those you love - think about me -”

“I’ve done thinking about them, and you as well.” I could almost hear her matter-of-fact voice behind the message, “I’m sorry.”

My mind threatened to shut down the way a malfunctioning aircraft threatened to crash. It had been an hour, or two, or three since we began texting, and all the liquid I had consumed beforehand had no knowledge of, or consideration for, the tough task I had at hand. We had known each other for over ten years, since we were both in primary school, and knew each other’s deepest secrets and wildest dreams. If she chose to depart, so would I, more likely than not.

“Remember, this, too,” with an almost physical effort I typed in the chatbox, just when a large wave of desperation hit and a leak punctuated my sentence. I gasped and held myself tighter, and for a moment thought about just going to the toilet and giving this up altogether, but through tremendous effort remained in one piece and squirmed until the wave of desperation passed, before finishing my sentence, “shall pass.”

The moment I pressed the send button I lapsed into my train of thought, interrupted only by the urgency coming from my lower abdomen. With all the information overload from the past few hours I had almost forgotten that I had been there, at the other side of that screen. I was sitting on the balcony of my apartment on the sixteenth floor, and I texted someone I trust, for an hour, or two, or three. He never said an impatient word, but now I wondered it he was in the same position as I was at this moment, scared that choosing temporary relief would mean the loss of a loved one and remorse that is permanent.

I had bipolar disorder, and so did she. She was suicidal, and so had I been. We were like two boats on a stormy sea, two drunkards helping each other find the way home. I began wondering whether the one that stopped me from giving up had been in the same position, or, if she made it, whether she would be helping someone someday the way I was helping her, and, just in case, whether adding to the torture there would be the struggle with a full bladder.

It must have been at least five minutes before she texted back: “I thought you learned that line from me.”

“Yeah, I did learn it from you, that day after I sat by my balcony and seriously considered jumping from it. You were the one who told me ‘This too shall pass’. Now I repeat this line to you. This too shall pass.”

Another pregnant silence. No matter how much information this silence is loaded with, it was time for me to unload. With the phone in my hand I stood up, almost losing it, before rushing to the toilet. Sitting there listening to the splashing of water beneath me I felt numb, the way one cannot feel one’s legs after an intensive workout. Still sitting on the toilet I took out my phone again. “Ah,” she had typed, “now I remember - I’m not the only one, huh.”

We kept talking for longer than I bothered to remember; the only thing that mattered was that when I put down my phone I was secure in the knowledge that I had at least kept her safe for another day and that she would be there to see the sun come up tomorrow. What she would know was that tomorrow would be a sunny day, that she was woken up by her cat purring beside her, that I brought her her favourite chocolates for her birthday, and that everything she adored would be there to stay. What she would not know was my fear, anguish, struggles, penitence for once having made others worry about me in this exact way, and that my panties had a damp spot in the middle. Usually that would make me upset, but at that moment I was not remotely close to being upset, or pitying both of us who had been so close to slipping into dark unfathomed realms.

For we are survivors in all senses of this word, and one does not pity survivors.

