Holding pee during bustrip

Author: peeme03

*000*2012-03-16 16:07

Actually this is female AND male, but I can only choose one prefix. You'll understand why I chose the female prefix when you read the story. (I am the boy in the story by the way)

I'm not an English speaking person, so maybe my English language in the story is not 100%. But I think you'll understand it :)

###

OK, here it comes.

It was 3 years ago in highschool when my class made a two-hour bustrip. We left early in the morning (7.30). Me and a good friend (the girl) decited not to pee in the morning, which is often (actually always) the most, let's say, important pee of the the day.

It was 8.00 AM when we realized this was a very bad idea, especially because this bus was toiletless... After half an hour of driving we felt that our already filled bladders were still increasing. We told eachother that our bladder training would help us to overcome dry: during our last pee holding contest (training) she could hold 900 mL untill it squirts out and I 1 L.

But we had never thought about the follwing things:

1) we were on a bus, so your bladder is being shaked the whole way.

2) Nobody might see us desperating, so we had to pretend like everything was normal.

3) the 900 mL of her and the 1 L of my bladder were measured from the 'pee-squirts-out-point'. That means that when our bladders reached about 100 mL less than that maximum, there already dripped some pee out.

It was another half an hour later when the girl (called Amber btw) secretly pinched her scrotch. I still know exactly what she whispered to me: "OK it's 7.40 AM, we have to drive almost 1.5 hours and I'm almost wetting myself?! OMG"

"1.5 hours!!" she repeated "If there are no problems in traffic"

But guess what: there were problems in traffic... It was 9 O'clock when we drove into a long line of cars. Traffic jam.

We had a 45 minutes delay because of that. When I hold it that long there comes a moment I don't feel it anymore. That moment started now. For both of us. Maybe it had somethong to do with the fact that we stood still, but I'm not sure.

I don't know if you have te same, but if you have you'll know what I mean when I say that the urge comes back later, only two times worse...

9.30 AM. We shoud have arrived, but because of the traffic jam we had 45 minutes delay. The 'two-times-worse-period' was there for Amber. I offered her to empty her bladder for a small part in the empty 150 mL old vitamine pill jar in my rucksack. She ignored, but changed her mind when it was around 9.45 AM. She was pinching her scrotch very frequently now. A very little wet spot appeared in her tight, white pants. "Jar. Fast!!" she whispered loud. We were lucky that we had a seat in the back and everybody was yelling and busy with other things. 

While I grabbed the little jar, she opened the zipper of her pants. She pulled down her pants and a stream of pee escaped her urethra before i gave the jar. There was a 4 inch wet spot on her seat now. She set the jam on her urethra after she pulled away the part of her underpants that were in front of her vagina. After 4, maybe 5 second the jam was full but she couldn't stop peeing directly. So a long stream of pee squirted out her body and hit the floor.

Right that moment a teacher was walking to the back of the bus. While Amber was still losing pee she quickly pulled up her pants. The teacher asked us if we wanted something to drink. I quickly observed the other people with a drink and noticed it were all drink packets and no bottles for catching more pee. "No thanks" we said.

10 O'clock right now. I was really desperate too, but not more than an hour ago. The bladder of Amber on the other hand, had almost reached it's maximum again. With her hands in front of her scrotch she made it to the end of the trip without wetting very worse. (It was 10.15 then)

When we walked out of the bus, the end of her urethra opened and her bladder lost the biggest squirt of pee of the whole trip. A long line of pee was 'walking' down her left trouser leg. But she was able to stop the stream and pulled me with her to the other side of the bus. While we run I felt how full my bladder was. I was losing some pee too right now. She tried to unzip her pants, but she failed: her zipper was stucked. Because she hit her bladder while she was trying to unzip, she really started to wet her self right now. She sat on the grass and spread her legs. While I was just peeing in directly in the grass, she peed trough her pants first, because here zipper still didn't contribute. We were looking at eachother. We peed for a minute: The best minute of the best bustrip in my life :D

*001*2012-03-18 19:09

I can't edit this story anymore, but I used the word 'scrotch' 3 times. I mean 'crotch' of course.

*003*2012-03-20 05:43

She likes omorashi. I've never asked her but I'm sure she does because she is the one who comes up with an idea most of the times. It' think it's not possible to enjoy this kind of games without liking omorashi.

*005*2012-03-21 17:09

Good guess :) I'm Dutch

