Pokemon Go desperation/wetting game

Author: pwig

*000*2019-06-27 20:24

A little background; I've recently quit smoking, which has me rather insomnia - ish, to alleviate this I've taken to going out for late night walks in my local park (5 mins away) to hit the many (many) pokestops and tire myself out. I've also had a a couple of month (literal) dry spell.

So a few days ago I decided to combine the two, leaving with a full bladder and coming back soaked. I went out in a pair of very tight skinny grey jeans, cheap daps, and some moderately per stained boxers (and a tee and a hoody to tie round my waist if needs be). I had three rules that I was going to hold myself to for the trip; no holding, every time I tried to catch a poke I had to stand absolutely still (legs apart) until 'gotcha' appeared, and I couldn't let go until I ran out of battery or took over a gym.

So with a full bladder and two cups of tea in my system I walked out to the park. The initial half hour was unremarkable, some twinges and the need was mounting rapidly, but no leaks. Eventually, halfway through the park I stopped on a bridge over a stream to try catch something (1900+cp pinsir if you care) that simply was not having it, the first leak came 3 throws in, the sound of the water and my growing frustration conspired against me and despite every muscle straining against it I felt a spurt dampen my underwear, I checked and a two inch wet spot had appeared on my jeans. 

More balls were thrown with increasing haste but to no avail, I leaked twice more, the last was a two second burst before I managed to regain control. I captured my target but I had a wet streak to the inside of my right knee, and an obvious wet patch. The next half hour or so was a frantic, leaky blur until in the middle of a catch I ran out of pokeballs (!) unable to move until I caught the poke I desperately bought a fist full more, leaking constantly now and pee was starting to trickle into my shoes. Eventually I caught my target, half soaked and carried on.

Finally I made it to the gym and could end my torment, spurting regularly I picked my team and over a few soggy rounds I won battle, claiming the gym for my team and allowing myself to let go. My right shoe was already kinda soggy by this point, but my bladder was full; I peed for what seemed like 5 solid minutes, soaking the right leg of my jeans completely from hip to ankle, and leaving a narrow dry strip down the back of my left leg. My right shoe was overflowing, and squelched noisily as I began the twenty minute walk back to the house. Before I was halfway through I felt the need to go again (rapid desperation with tea is a killer for me) so I adjusted myself so I could even out my wet (or more accurately dry) patches, and finished soaking my jeans (and filling my other shoe in the process.

By the time I got back to street lights I could see that my jeans were soaked from waist to ankle in the front without a single dry spot, and only the seat was dry in the back, so feeling emboldened I tied my hoody to hide my dry ass as any observer would be unable to tell that my jeans were utterly sodden without the lighter dry patch for context. Finally on getting home I sat on the wall in my back garden and let any remaining pee out, finishing the job and leaving me very nearly entirely wet from the waist down.

I hope you enjoyed that little exploit, I'm planning on heading out again tonight, and I'd love some feedback on my method or additional challenges to attempt whilst I hunt for pokemon.

*004*2019-06-28 01:49

{{1 hour ago, strobedi said:

I don't think I could bring myself to do that in public, even if it's at night when nobody would see me.

}}

I'm pretty lucky in my location; only a couple of not very well lit streets between home and the park, plus the kind of suburban area that everyone's in bed an hour before I normally head out. I wouldn't do it on a weekend. The most reassuring part is that the jeans I chose end up totally soaked so you can't really tell they're wet unless you touch them.

If you drive it would probably be safer, as you could go somewhere secluded and change in the car, avoid any risk of being seen near your home. I love 'public' wetting, but I'm really not into the humiliation side of things, so being caught or seen is a real worry for me too.

