Girlfriend peed herself for me

Author: Pippifleck

*000*2023-04-08 18:23

Hey there, this is my first story here. Please be kind.

It happened a few years ago with my my no ex-girlfriend. Let's call her Mona.

Mona was 22 years old at that time about 1.65m tall, C-Cups, black hair, great ass and always perfectly shaved.

A few month into the relationship we talked about what we liked in bed. Mona was surprised and not really taken to learn about my interest, but she loved me a lot and wanted to try it out for me. After we were together for about a year it finally happened.

She told me out of nothing that she tried earlier that day when she was still at home to keep her panties on while peeing and it didn't feel too bad for her. I was quite turned on a asked her more about it. She told me that her parents and her sister were gone and so she used the opportunity to try it out while sitting on the toilet.

The next day she visited me and brought an old pair of ripped jeans she specifically had kept for that purpose. They were of deep blue colour and skin tight.

She was drinking lots of water and instant tea all day and after dinner we decided to watch her favourite movie Pearl Harbor. Before we sat down on the sofa together we put a big washing basket right next to it for her to stand in later. To me, the washing basket was not that important but she insisted on it to not "ruin" the sofa or the floor.

During the movie she spoke less and less and held her tights close together. I asked her if she could hold until the end of the movie which she denied. Needless to say I was quite turned on.

At about 2 hour in (the movies lasts longer than 3 hours) she looked at me and told me she couldn't hold it in any longer.

She stood up and stepped into the washing basked very quickly. I went up too and stood right in front of her. She looked at me with a mix of shock and interest (she always loved to turn me on). At first nothing happened and I asked her if she wanted to sit down again, but she said "No no no, I can't hold it any longer". I held her by her hips and kissed her. After a few seconds she pushed me gently away with her face and said "Look, I cant' hold it in. I'm peeing myself. Everything is getting wet!". 

I looked down at her crotch and she was not lying. Mona was absolutely flooding her pants. The jeans fabric turned deep dark starting from her crotch all the way down to her ankles. I put one hand in between her legs and felt her warm pee flow through my fingers. After the stream had stopped, I asked her to turn around to show me her back and the view was absolutely stunning, too. The backside of her tight jeans was almost entirely wet. She really had had to pee quite bad. I asked her to turn around again, unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down to her ankles. She looked at me and whispered "I'm so sorry, I just peed my pants". I answered "Don't worry, it's alright", kneeled down in front of her, put my hand on her soaked red panties and massaged her clit through them. Then I pulled them down too and massaged her pussy. I also gave her a gentle kiss right between her legs. Then I told her that I wanted to sleep with her right now. She smiled at me and nodded.

Afterwards she told me that she loved how turned on I had gotten by her peeing herself, but there was still some getting used to it for her.

She peed herself a few more times for me afterwards, but it was always planned and at my place in a somewhat controlled environment. Still I enjoyed It a lot and considered myself really lucky to have a girlfriend like her.

