First experience with rapid desperatioin

Author: pianoboo

*000*2015-03-17 22:39

Hello all. Last night I decided to try rapid desperation for the first time. I live in a dorm on a college campus, so it is rather hard, at times, to do a wetting and get away with it. Last night around 11, as my roommate was going to sleep, I began drinking. I drank 16oz water every fifteen minutes, but I did not feel an urge to go until about 35 minutes into the challenge. I used the toilet once, and continued drinking. I felt the urge to pee again around 11:50, and did so. I could feel my bladder beginning to fill up again, but I continued drinking. By around 12:30, I was at a 7/10, grabbing my crotch and fidgeting uncontrollably. I grabbed a few bottles of water and put them in a backpack, heading outside for a while. I walked around campus about ten minutes, but found a bench and sat down when I couldn't take the pressure. I was at a 9/10 and I still had more to drink.

As I started drinking again, I felt a short, hot spurt of piss starting to come out. I jammed my hand into my crotch and stopped the flow, shaking as I did so. I quickly got up and headed back across campus to my room. I could barely walk, and I was leaking into my panties. After what seemed like hours, I was within sight of the door to my building. I fumbled through my pockets, reaching for my key. As soon as I moved one hand from my crotch, I started to piss uncontrollably. I tried to stop it, but it just jetted out from between my fingers. I peed until I could not pee any more, and then sheepishly looked around to make sure no one had witnessed my loss of control. Luckily, no one had. There was a huge puddle in the parking lot where I had been standing, and my shoes were sloshing with pee. I made my way back inside, and stripped off all my clothes to take a shower. After my shower, I was feeling horny and had to pee again, so I had a little more fun ;)

*003*2015-03-25 13:10

@rachelkirwin, I lasted about 45 minutes after my hour was up.

*006*2015-03-26 04:28

It really does! At first, I was really skeptical, because it took so long to initially get an urge. It turned out really good though!

