Wet my leggings in my home office! (3 videos + pic)

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2022-01-14 02:20

On Tuesday, I had a lengthy work training that didn't require me to be on camera or on mic. I sensed an opportunity for some holding fun and stayed well-hydrated through the morning, drinking probably 40 oz. of hot tea and plenty of water, too, but visiting the restroom as normal. With about a half-hour to go until my training and my bladder feeling quite full, I allowed myself one last visit to the restroom and only let my bladder empty halfway. Then I drank one last glass of water and headed out for a quick walk around my neighborhood to clear my head.

When I got back, I had just enough time to visit the restroom — or run and grab water, my waterproof blanket and a couple puppy pads. I chose the latter. Jogging back into the room, I launched the Zoom meeting just in the nick of time, quickly turned my camera and sound off, and started setting up my carpet protection. I could already feel my bladder clearing its metaphorical throat.

My desk's a standing desk. I usually use it sitting down, but I thought that standing would add to the challenge, so I cranked it up to its full height. Then I settled in to wait.

On this particular day, I happened to be wearing a sweatshirt from my college days and a pair of gray winter running tights. Their wide elastic waistband felt tighter and tighter as the meeting droned on. I kept gulping my water, at least another 20 oz over the course of the meeting. I had another meeting scheduled about an hour after the first concluded -- one on one this time -- and it wouldn't be appropriate to be visible desperate on camera. If I wanted to wet and clean up before then, I had to fill up fast.

And fill up fast I did. I managed to hang on until the end of the 1.5 hour training — though I'll admit to being pretty distracted by the end.

I tried to get back to work, but my focus was shaky at best. I kept having to drop down into a squat and grind against my heel before standing up again. Sensing the end was nigh, I captured a couple quick videos of my desperate wiggling to share with y'all.

Video 1

Video 2

(more vocal and desperate!)

I made a truly valiant effort to actually get work done, really. I jogged from foot to foot while typing, wedged one hand between my legs while typing with the other, crossed my legs tightly so I could go back to using both hands. I moaned and cursed. Then I made the mistake of holding still for a moment and felt a few drops slip out. Fuck! I abandoned the keyboard and checked my crotch for damage. No visible wetness, but it did feel quite warm.

It was now 2.5 hours into the hold, and I knew I was about to lose it. Luckily, wetting is the part of holding I love best. I set up my phone one last time to capture what I was sure would be the last few minutes of my hold, then turned back to my laptop.

Within minutes, a giant leak gushed into my running tights. Then another. There was no holding it back. I could feel the slippery material clinging even tighter to me as it saturated with my piss. Dark streaks spread down both legs. When I picked a foot off, my piss trickled down it to form a waterfall onto the puppy pad below me. Luckily, between it and the waterproof blanket, nothing reached the carpet.

Wetting video

When I thought I had to be empty, I turned the camera off and bundled the puppy pad into a trash bag. It was soaked, and so were my leggings. Then, to my surprise, I felt a second wave of pressure in my bladder. I spread out the second puppy pad and squatted low over it. Within moments I was pissing again, this time more of a trickle than a gush. This second wave lasted about 15 seconds or so and left my bladder truly empty. I took a quick picture of my sodden leggings and then hurried to get cleaned up before my next meeting!

&&

*004*2022-01-16 22:51

{{7 hours ago, Calvin1 said:

Can't just leave this with just an upvote and no comment. This was 🔥. The way you were wiggling, jiggling about, wow. I hope I don’t offend you, but I also would like to say, you have a very nice derriere. 😊

}}

No offense taken at all -- it is quite a nice derriere, and I grew it myself! 😉 So glad you enjoyed the videos!

{{1 hour ago, Notasausage said:

The idea of the second, and sudden, squat sounds great. Love a good squat and/or gush!! 😏

}}

And it felt great, too!

