Failed Discreetness (Male Wetting)

Author: peepleperson

*000*2017-12-04 02:25

Hey, everyone! My name is Mike. I just created my account, so I figured I should kick start with a story of my own.

It seems it's pretty universally known that men tend to have a much more difficult time wetting discreetly in public than women. While it's easy to whip it out and go as needed, our clothing and the tendency to become erect during sexually arousing times, such as wetting, make it difficult to take a leak in our pants without all the world seeing. Earlier this evening, I decided to seize this as a challenge.

It started off as a routine trip to Walmart for food, which is about a 5 minute walk from my apartment. I had spent the evening downing quite a bit of water, but without putting much thought into it, I started my trip over there without relieving myself beforehand. It was a dark, cool evening, but my bladder fine during my transit there and until about halfway through shopping. Then the urge began to grow. It was mild at first and I brushed it off. By the time I was ready to check out, the feeling had become potent. I briefly considered running by the men's room before heading out, but decided against it. After all, my apartment was only 5 minutes away and if I absolutely couldn't make it, there were plenty of bushes and low walls I could conceal myself behind for a quick pee.

I grabbed my bags of groceries and made my way back into the night. I could see my breath as I stepped away from the light of Walmart's parking lot. Man, I thought to myself, I'm not sure I'm gonna make it all the way home. By then, I was fidgeting quite a bit. I tried to distract myself, but the nagging urge to pee rendered that impossible. In hindsight, I probably could've made it if I had rushed, but where's the fun in that? Instead, I began looking for one of the aforementioned bushes or walls. Upon finding a sizable bush, however, it occurred to me, I have black jeans on. It's dark. Nobody would have any idea if I just...let go. Like a forgotten oasis in a desert, I proceeded past the bush, relying on the darkness of the night and my pants to conceal my secret.

I gave it another minute or two and, by then, I was practically jumping with desperation. It almost felt as if even the waistband of my pants was threatening to force my urine out. Alright, I mumbled to myself with a glance around to ensure nobody was around, Here we go. I transferred all of the grocery bags to my left hand and, with my right, adjusted my penis so it was aiming down my left leg. The cool touch of my icy fingers was tantalizing on the tender flesh, and it shrunk with the cold. At last, I decided to release the contents of my bladder. Nothing happened at first. I tried applying pressure by constricting my muscles, but still to no avail. I love engaging in pee-related activities, but so infrequently wet that I still haven't overcome the natural training to avoid it. It was nearly maddening.

As I walked, I felt like each step would burst my bladder, but all the pushing in the world, and I couldn't procure a drop. Finally, I stopped, stepped into the shadow of an overhanging tree and put all of my concentration into the task. After what seemed like an eternity, though it was likely only seconds, it finally felt like urine was making its way down the shaft of my penis, though it felt unnatural, as if it were molasses. My efforts had me trembling. At last, a quick spurt of pee spat from my manhood and dampened the front leg of my boxers. The wetness felt warm against my cool leg. Despite overcoming the initial hurdle, it still took quite a bit of effort to force any more pee out.

After a brief moment, a weak, sporadic stream began. I could feel the urine leaking reluctantly from the tip of my penis, hitting my boxers, and leaving the remnants to fall down my leg. With a little more "umph," I managed a strong stream at last. The pee hissed as it collided with my clothing, finally totally saturating my boxers and reaching my outer layer, leaving a darkened, though gleaming streak of opulent urine for all the world to see. It took all of my concentration to keep the stream going, despite how badly I needed to go. Before long, a wave of relief rushed over me and a new problem arose...in fact, that problem was that something else was arising. The thrill of such an endeavor was getting me extremely excited and my penis got the memo.

As pee continued to splash into my pants, my hardware was steadily growing harder. Before long, my penis was pressing against the inside of my underwear, protruding as a visible bulge in my pants. It made it more challenging to force to pee out, but nothing was going to stop that cascade. Soon, it was becoming painful and I had to reach back into my pants and redirect my aim upward. As I did so, I drenched my hand and shot pee onto my thigh and shirt. I quickly let my waistband snap shut, forcing the pee to leave a dark splotch above my groin, as well. This was ending up messier and far more conspicuous than I was anticipating. By then, my shoes were soaked and a small puddle had formed at my feet. Finally, the contents of my bladder came to a spurting end, with each jet of pee splattering against my waistband satisfyingly. I was rock hard and my penis was tingling wonderfully. I desperately wanting to play with myself right there, but knew I needed to wait until I arrived home.

I briefly admired my puddle and the streaks of urine down my leg and set off again, carefully ensuring to stick to the shadows. I finally arrived at my apartment complex, which is always well-lit. Crap, I thought, I hadn't taken this into account. I live on the third floor, so after a very rushed and creative course of travel, I made it up to the landing...just as the lady from the apartment across the landing was stepping out to bring out the trash. I nearly jumped out of my skin. Hoping I hadn't made too much of a scene, I quickly covered my crotch and as much of my leg as I could with my grocery bags. We cordially smiled at each other and exchanged brief greetings before I managed to fumble for my keys with my free hand and rush into my apartment. I don't think she was suspicious (but then again, who expects a 24 year old guy to wet himself on the way home from the store?). I threw my groceries aside and cleaned up, making sure to give a little extra attention to my penis.

*002*2017-12-05 04:17

{{8 hours ago, MrSegasilver said:

Very hot story, Mikey! Thinking back on it now, would you have preferred her seeing you like that, or did it give you more of a thrill to think you got away with it?

}}

Thanks! The prospect of getting caught still terrifies me at this point, but in a weird way such that it's still a HUGE turn on. Given that she's my neighbor and I have to live across from her, I'm glad she didn't catch on, but if she were a random stranger I'd never see again, that might be a different story!

