Got Her Into Omo

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-07-23 09:33

So i've been seeing this girl lately who I haven't spoken about yet here, but finally decided to now. She's a big and tall girl with dark red hair and light blue/green eyes. She is very sweet and accepting of me in every way. Even though we only had a few dates, things have been going great between us. We have a blast everytime we are together. But this past weekend something really awesome happened.

We went out to dinner, talked about things, laughed a ton and had a few drinks, probably a little too many. When we left, I went to go pee. After all I wasn't about to have an embarrassing accident in front of her, especially since I was drunk. I asked her if she had to go too and she said she was good. We went to go walk around town to walk off our drunken state a bit. At some point in the middle of laughter said grabbed herself for a second and said 'oooo I have to pee'. so I asked her if she wants to go find a bathroom, but she said ehh it can wait. Then we headed for the bus back to my house.

Shortly after we sat down on the bus, she told me now she really has to pee, bad. I started to get really aroused and envisioned her losing it and wetting herself. I told her dont worry, we're only 15 minutes from my house. She said it's really bad and she's not going to make it. The second she said those words I absolutely exploded inside. My heart started racing and pounding of excitement. Almost at my stop she looked really scared of peeing herself. She started moaning bouncing and holding herself, and said she can't hold it much longer. I calmed her down and started rubbing her and my arm around her and told her "hey if it happens, don't feel embarrased ok? I wont think any differently of you. We're almost home" and gave her a kiss. She smiled at me big, kissed me back and felt a lot better.

Meanwhile, her bladder wasn't at all. She started dribbling on the seat and I saw a slight wet patch on her skirt. We got up to get off our stop, she moaned, grabbed herself hard and drops of pee were hitting the floor. My heart started racing hard again and I turned red. We stepped off the bus to walk. Shortly after she started walking, a steady small trickle was coming out. She stopped and said 'omg no im peeing im peeing' squatted, yanked her skirt up, and let the dam bust open right out in the open. She wailed in relief, not caring she was urinating out in the clear view. The sound of her stream was so loud. My eyes lit up with desire seeing all this pee come out of her. She peed for well over 2 minutes. When she was done peeing I told her "see? that wasn't so bad!" and she laughed and joked about it the rest of the way home.

After we washed up a bit, we layed in my bed. I had to come clean with her, and I completely spit it out and admitted my omo fetish. I started out by saying "you know... seeing you pee like that was... kinda hot haha" she laughed and looked flattered. She said she hasn't peed herself since she was 6 years old. Then I told her seeing her desperate and leaking was also really hot, and then she kinda looked confused. I said "Do you know why? I have a confession to make... I have this... umm... fetish... An unusual one... I hope you dont think im a creep but... I get aroused when I uhh... see people desperate to pee and wet thier pants... I used to have alot of pee accidents, I still do today, and it made me develop this fetish. I hope you dont think im crazy" and of course she was extremely accepting of it. She actually wanted to help me enjoy it more, and she agreed to get desperate and pee her pants for me.

We went to bed, and we got up the next morning a bit hungover, held in our morning pee, drank lots of coffee and slipped into clothes we didnt care too much about. About an hour or two later we were bursting. We stepped into the bathtub and she said "here we go, are you ready? You go first..." I let go and in a few seconds, the warm pee spread down my jeans making that beautiful hiss noise. She put her hand over my crotch and felt the warm pee gush out. I finished and she said "mmmm I bet that felt soooo good... Here I go now... its coming ahhhh" That hissing gush sounded in her jeans and the pee spread down fast. I put my hand over her crotch and felt her warm pee gush out. When she finished she said "omg that felt SO good... I never knew how good it felt to pee your pants". we threw our wet clothes off, dashed for the bed, and im sure you know what we did next... Then we took a nice hot bath together and spent the rest of the day cuddling in bed watching netflix.

The End! Hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it!

*002*2018-07-24 14:14

{{22 hours ago, Brandie said:

That was very nice to read! I think you may have met your dream come true?

}}

I hope so. im going to see her this weekend. I told her we should do a holding game to see who has the stronger bladder and she was down for it. This is gonna be awesome

