Due to the weather

Author: PeePrincess99

*000*2017-02-23 18:36

So hi! You can call me Rue, and this is my first story on here.

Little background on me. I've been into omorashi since i was around 11 or 12, and I have several stories from my childhood to share at a later date. Appearance wise, I am around 6 feet tall, with blond hair and geeky glasses. I am fairly fat, and have big boobs.

Today I had to go into school for an art study day, and the weather has be awful. There is this ridiculous storm making the rounds of the country and we got the brunt of it this morning.

The toilets at my school are in the main building, far away from the art block. That means that when in art, we have to walk a rather long way to the loo.

I'd brought coffee and Diet Coke to have with my lunch, and both were gone very quickly as I'm coming down with a cold and a sore throat. Bear in mind that I hadn't gone to the toilet at all that morning

I started to become very desperate very quickly, and considered braving the weather to go to the bathroom. I was close to leaking at this point. It had been around 16 hours since I'd last emptied my bladder. My teacher had left the room for the second time to use the toilet, so on the spur of the moment I made a decision.

I cut off the top of my coke bottle and took the bottom piece with me into the store room. I stripped off my knickers (damp) and my dungarees and squatted over the bottle. I began to urinate into the bottle, the stream very strong and almost uncontrollable. My hot pungent pee splashed against my legs as it hissed noisily out of me. Suddenly, I realised that I had peed so much that the bottle had overflowed and the pee was spilling into the floor! I quickly stood up, peeing into my dungarees as I couldn't stop it from coming out. I had barely emptied half of my bladder. And now I had a full bottle of urine and a huge puddle on the floor.

I sorted out my clothes (damp with pee), placed a spare piece of cloth over the massive puddle of piss and grabbed the bottle. I took it to the sink and emptied it. Just then, my teacher walked in. Luckily she didn't suspect.

I didn't pee as soon as I got home, I laid in bed playing on my phone. I was desperate for the toilet. I wished I had a diaper so I could just let it all flow out hot and wet around my vagina-

I forgot I had my phone sound on and a loud notification from an app startled me so much I let out a long hot spurt of pee into my panties and dungarees. I could feel it pooling around my bum on the bed. It felt so good to let go that I squeezed my legs together once and had a huge orgasm, making me pee my pants and my bed a little more. After that I stood up, peeing down my leg a little, and went to clean up.

