What's your excuse?

Author: PoolBoy

*000*2024-05-31 12:15

So this story goes way back, maybe 11 years ago.

A friend of mine (let's call him Ben) was out for a 2 days hike with one of his friends. He asked me to join but I said no.

I will regret saying 'no' for the rest of my life, but back then, because I didn't know his friend, I thought it would be better for me to stay at home.

So a day after their hike, his friend posted photos they took on Facebook. He tagged Ben so I was able to see these photos.

I'm going through the photos, scenery photos mostly, and then I see it - a photo of Ben with a big pee stain all the way down his shorts.

I wasn't sure how to react, so I didn't say a thing.

A couple of months later (or something like that), I was out with some friends - they took pictures, posted it on Facebook, and then Ben sent me a message saying "It looks like you pissed your pants!" -

I was wearing jeans with a darker shade near the fly. It sure didn't look like pee, but if he said it then I was able to say what I wanted to say for a long time - "you're the one who pissed his pants!", and I attached the photo of him hiking (with pissed pants).

At first he said it's a shadow. It didn't make much sense (the shadows were facing in a different direction).

Later he said it's sweat - he was sweating a lot because it was a hot day - to that I said it's weird he sweats a lot, yet his shirt is dry.

Then he changed his story again, saying he was in a pond they found on their way, so his shorts were wet from the pond.

I still tease him about this photo to this day. He still claims it's not pee.

Oh, the best part, his friend removed the photo from Facebook right after sent Ben the message saying he pissed his pants.

Which weird excuses have you heard (or used)?

*005*2024-06-02 07:36

"I spilled my water bottle"... skip to 7:55 (though there is a chance he is saying the truth...)

%https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/mrBNCMgYYHI?feature=oembed"

