A Handy Cup and a Men's Restroom Drain

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-10-21 09:03

Heyyy everyone!! Got another story for ya! This one's pretty long, but it's a 2-for-1! If you want to skip the build up and get straight to the pee, go to paragraph 5 for the first part and paragraph 7 for the second. Hope you enjoy!!

Earlier this week, I went out of town for an event. It wasn't far enough to justify the cost of flying, but with a 8-hour drive one way, it was plenty far enough to enjoy some pee fun along the way! I made it to the event without incident, but the same can't quite be said for the return . Needless to say, after the drive there and the event itself, I was pretty toasted by the end of the day, so I checked into a motel and stayed the night. I'm not much of a morning person, so I figured, with a day off from work and some time in a fresh city, what's the rush? I slept in and enjoyed some time around town before I dragged myself back to the car at about 4PM.

Both for health purposes and the obvious pleasures that coincide, I try to keep pretty thoroughly hydrated throughout the day. Today was no exception. I had run by a gas station during my excursion downtown and filled one of those "Big Gulp" cups to the rim with water and had been nursing it throughout the day. I knew I'd have to stop a few times on my way back, but that didn't bother me too much. I made a quick preemptive run to the bathroom and, with all of my things packed into the back seat and my "Big Gulp" cup by my side, I set off for the long journey home. One thing I didn't account for: Rush hour.

I'm not accustomed to taking days off in the middle of the week, and rush hour isn't a huge deal where I live, so it didn't even occur to me to consider other people's commutes home. An hour in, and I was totally gridlocked on the highway. Brilliant. To make matters worse (or better? I guess it depends on your perspective ), I was gradually becoming aware of my increasing need to urinate. I wasn't about to explode just yet, but I knew I needed to find a solution – and quickly. I glanced around nervously.

Moving wasn't realistic at this point, let alone getting to an exit and finding a place to relieve myself. I comforted myself with delusions that this traffic jam may clear up any time and that, if I just managed to distract myself, I'd be fine. I cranked up my radio and began singing along with it. Boston, anyone? I was going to be okay. I glanced over to the car next to me and saw the driver chuckling at me singing to myself. I grinned at her and carried on, knowing I needed to distract myself. The problem here being that, by focusing on my need to distract myself, I emphasized my growing need to pee that much more. "It's okay," I told myself, "You don't need to go that badly just yet."

Another 20 minutes passed and we'd barely made any headway. Every time we crept forward, my heart would leap, only to tumble back down into my depths of my stomach when we stopped again. It seemed, according to the radio, there was a minor accident ahead that was slowing things down even more. Little did they know, there was a serious possibility of a different kind of accident occurring between my legs. By now I'd abandoned any hope of distracting myself. I was swaying back and forth and fidgeting, the urge to pee feeling pretty severe by now. I was frantically looking around for solutions.

Sure, I could just wet myself in my car, but as much as I love my fetish, I love the condition of my car more. With that possibility ruled out, there wasn't much left. I was foolish enough to wear jeans today instead of a skirt, meaning that if I stepped out of my car, any wetting would be blatantly obvious to all who sat idly around me. Similarly, I couldn't exactly bare my lady bits for all of the commuters to watch cascades of urine gush from them. That left one option. My eyes fell onto my "Big Gulp" cup as my hand found its way to my crotch. I didn't like the idea of attempting this in my car, but I had no other option. I took my hand from my crotch and grasp the cup. Shoot. It still had a little water. I briefly considered chucking the water out the window, but wanted to hold off in case I needed to dispose of my pee without suspicion. Nothing else to do, I chugged the last little bit.

By now, it was urgent. I bobbed back and forth as I undid my seatbelt. I quickly glanced around to ensure there were no tractor trailers or other tall vehicles around me – as badly as I had to go, I wasn't about to give a free show (not that I really had a choice, looking back now). Hallelujah. Only sedans surrounded me. I hurriedly undid my jeans and tried to discreetly pull them down. This was going to be a challenge. Maybe if I removed my shoes? Just then, the woman behind me honked. I jumped, startled, nearly peeing myself right then. 

We had gained a whopping 10 feet. I pulled up behind the car in front of me and set the hand brake. My hand firmly in place upon my nether regions, I frantically took off my shoes and tossed them into the passenger seat. Next, the jeans came off, revealing my blue panties. I seriously hoped nobody could see what I was doing, but I didn't care enough at the time to check. With every second that passed by, my bladder ballooned that much more, threatening to soil my car. Next came the panties, revealing my bare downstairs for anyone who happened to have a tall enough ride.

I grabbed the cup and tried to position it. How exactly was I going to manage this? The steering wheel was proving problematic. What I would've given at this moment to have a penis. In my frustration, I glanced up to make sure the traffic hadn't moved. Thankfully, it was stationary. I looked back down at my predicament. "Okay," I muttered, "Let's try this." I slid forward a bit, getting my butt off of the seat, and pressing my abdomen against the steering wheel. "This is gonna have to work." I said at last.

I positioned the cup beneath where I hoped my urethra would spill, and let loose. Within about a second, the floodgates had burst open and a rush of pee shot (thankfully) straight into the cup, pattering loudly as it accumulated at the bottom. "Oh my gosh," I exclaimed with relief as the cup grew heavier with my pee. It was a really bizarre sensation to be sitting there, surrounded by so many people, peeing into a cup, of all things, in my car. I closed my eyes and put my head back as the spurt continued below.

After a moment, the cup was getting heavy enough that I had to grab the bottom of it with my free hand. It felt warm and enticing in my grip. I smiled as the last few dribbles emerged and found their way to the steamy pool below. It was then I remembered I was still supposed to be driving. I glanced up nervously. Thankfully, the traffic still hadn't budged. Unfortunately, I hadn't thought ahead to the toilet paper predicament. Fortunately, I wore panties that day and could let them sop up what remained. I cautiously placed the cup back into its holder and admired my handywork as I pulled my panties up and dabbed myself dry. There was still quite a bit of space in the cup, but the pee was pretty clear, meaning I could probably dispose of it without too much suspicion, should the need arise.

I nervously glanced outside my car again, but thankfully everyone was totally oblivious, playing on their phones or fidgeting around with papers. I didn't bother putting my jeans back on, figuring I'd need to pee again before getting out of this mess of traffic. Instead, I covered my lap with them, obscuring my nearly-nude lower half in case any tall vehicles passed me. It turned out this was a wise move, as I had to use the cup several times again before getting out of that jam. Thankfully, I only needed to dump it out my window once.

After tacking about 2 hours onto my drive, I finally managed to get out of that traffic fiasco (lesson learned for future trip planning). Much of the rest of the trip was fairly uneventful. Despite the fond feelings I have developed for it by then, I disposed of my cup at my next stop. All of my efforts to relieve myself were done at gas stations and rest stops from that point forward, but my last one was particularly notable.

It was 1AM. I was about an hour from home and nobody was on the road. I had enough pee that I could go, but it wasn't super urgent. Regardless, by this point I was excited about my pee endeavors of the day, but totally mind-numbed and frazzled from the drive. I was exhausted, so when I saw a rest stop by the side of the road, I took the opportunity. I wanted to do something naughty – anything. It was deserted and it didn't seem like anyone would be making any surprise visits...soooo...why not pop into the men's room and give it a go? 

I did a quick walk around the stop to make sure there wasn't anybody who I might've overlooked. The coast was clear. I made my way to the door and stood outside. This would be my first time using a multi-occupancy men's room and, even though I knew the probability of someone walking in on me was next to naught, I still felt a jolt of adrenaline. My heart surged as I pushed open the door. The light flicked on and revealed several urinals and several stalls, opposing a row of sinks.

It was cleaner than I was anticipating, especially compared to the single-occupancy men's room I've used at a gas station near my home. I felt a sense of urgency, not to pee, but to hurry, just in case anybody happened upon me. My heart pounded in my chest as I considered where I would pee. I could use a stall in any old bathroom, so I didn't want to do that. I'm still not confident enough in my skills to attempt a urinal (someday). 

I scanned the room before me, with my eyes ultimately landing on a floor drain in the middle of the bathroom. Perfect. I quickly fumbled to get my lower clothing off, taking care not to step onto the floor with my socks (I shudder to think of what bacterial horrors lie there). I shuddered with excitement as I set my clothes onto the paper towel dispenser and made my way, butt-naked, to the floor drain. I squatted over it and noted that I was trembling as I attempted to position myself (funny how such a simple thing can cause such excitement!!). Finally, I let 'er rip!

Here I was, squatting right in front of a bunch of urinals, leaking my bladder into a floor drain. I giggled with delight and tried, with no success, to calm down my trembling. I felt a cool spatter bouncing back from the drain cover and showering my thighs. I adjusted to alleviate this, missing the drain a bit in the process, sending a bit of pee spurting outward and forming a small puddle on the floor. Unfortunately, the last little bit came to a dribbly end far too soon. I stood up to grab some toilet paper and laughed when I caught a glance of myself in the mirror, my naked vulva dripping with pee, contrasting the men's toilets in the background.

I'm not gonna lie, I felt a small and strange sense of pride for being there (girl power?). I retrieved the toilet paper, wiped myself clean, including my thighs, and stood once more before the mirror. I knew I should be quick, but I wanted to savor the image just a bit longer (really mature, I know). I fiddled with myself very briefly for good measure, then put my clothes on and washed up. Drunk with triumphant delirium, I pointed at the urinals as I left and proclaimed, "Soon!" I left the bathroom, looking back at the "Men" sign on my way out. The cool evening breeze hugged me as I trod back to my car. Despite being very tired by that point, the excitement carried me the rest of the way home.

