Leaked using my STP

Author: Pee4me2

*000*2023-12-07 23:36

So I don’t know if many people will be able to relate to/understand this, as I don’t see very many trans men/transmasc folks on here, but this is something that just happened to me 😅

So, for my job, I have a couple of days out of the week dedicated to basically open meeting hours, where someone can make an appointment with me, either for a phone or zoom meeting, and I’ll talk with them for a bit—usually not more than 15 minutes, 30 max. Thursdays happen to be a day where I stay behind an hour later to accommodate later meeting times, which means that for a solid hour, I have the office to myself; this can feel somewhat lonely/spooky at times because I don’t normally have people drop in for these meetings, but sometimes I do.

Well, today happened to be one of those days where the final two hours where I’m at work were taken up almost entirely by meetings, and each of them were fairly involved. Nbd though, I don’t mind all that much—except for my final meeting of the day, a Zoom meeting which ends up taking the whole final hour. This wouldn’t have been such a bad thing, except that, because it’s currently Very Warm in my office (to accommodate for the cold outside), and because I’ve had almost back-to-back meetings for the past two hours, I’ve been drinking a lot of fluids; I’ve got a cup of water beside me, a 20 oz bottle of soda, and a Grande frap from Starbucks that I’d been sipping on since 1 pm to try and get me through the rest of the day.

Suffice it to say that by the time the end of the meeting finally came, I was feeling restless. I have a pretty solid bladder and don’t often feel desperate (it’s rare for me to feel any sort of major urge in a given day, to be honest), but I hadn’t used the bathroom since around 2 pm—and while that probably would’ve been fine on a normal day, all of the liquids I’d been drinking since then had finally caught up to me. So, the meeting ends and I immediately get up to go to the bathroom, and my bathroom of choice happens to be the biggest one in the office that also happens to have a urinal in it.

Now, as an enby with female anatomy who happens to steer more towards the masc side of things, I happen to be wearing an STP (Stand To Pee) device today, because sometimes I just like the feel of having a dick in my pants that I can use to functionally piss through—it’s a very exhilarating experience for me, but it’s hard as hell to get right, especially when you’re not used to standing up to pee. I’ve gotten better at it, enough that I sometimes use it at work on the urinal, but not good enough that I feel like I’m perfect at it.

Anyway, I get up to the urinal, position myself and the prosthetic correctly, and, because I’m really starting to feel my bladder, let loose. Normally, I try to be cautious when using an STP as it can be really easy for an accident to happen, but I don’t feel anything concerning happening, and I’m also just really enjoying the feeling of finally releasing everything at this point, so I keep going. By the time I’ve finished, I’m quite pleased with myself, thinking I had a successful go of standing to pee again…until I feel something trickle down my leg. With an immediate sense of dread, I stick my hand into my pants and…yep, I leaked. A lot.

Thankfully, I’m wearing dark blue pants so nothing’s really showing, and there also isn’t any danger of one of my coworkers seeing me, so I got off pretty scot-free, all things considered…but now I do feel a bit damp down there 😅

So yeah! Again, not sure how many people will relate to this, but I just felt like sharing my mildly embarrassing situation lol

*004*2023-12-09 18:07

{{4 hours ago, KrisAbyss said:

Hot story! 🙂 I'm a transmasc enby as well and I got my first STP today! It's a cheap Amazon one, I'm going to get a nice STP packer in a couple months. I got really desperate today to try to make it easier to pee standing up but my body outright refused to pee in the stp unless I pushed. How did you get used to using it? Does being really desperate help for you?

}}

Congrats, that’s super exciting!!

Getting myself mildly desperate actually was one of the things I did to try and get myself to use it lol. It honestly just takes a good bit of practice and patience (something I’ve never possessed a lot of) to try and change the way you’re used to peeing, so you kinda just have to be patient with your body. Make sure you take things slow at first—use it in the shower to get a feel for where to place it and get used to standing with it, try not to force yourself to move too fast with using it with clothes on, etc. Breathing exercises help me stay calm whenever I get nervous with it too, and having my phone readily available nearby too, to distract myself with, has also been really helpful.

Feel free to message me if you want, I’m happy to talk more about this! 🙂

