Urine Sample Nightmare

Author: petitewonder

*000*2025-09-03 18:08

So, this happened to me a few years ago, and I never posted about it because it was embarrassing and a bit traumatic at the time lol.

I needed to get bloodwork and a urine test done. I'm used to just getting them done at a doctor's office or hospital, but, I had to get these done at a clinic. I'd never been before.

I had to go give a urine sample, pretty standard, so of course I expect to go into a single-person bathroom (I'm from the US and live in Canada, and this tends to be the case every time I've had to give a sample before).

I then realize that the bathroom has multiple stalls, and there's people in there, which makes me panic a little, but I try my best to take it in stride.

Now, some background info: I'm pretty short (5'1) and much of the time, things are just slightly too tall for me (for example, I can never sit "ergonomically" in adult-sized office chairs. I either have to sit on the edge so my feet can sit flat on the floor, or, I have to sit against the back of the chair, and let my feet dangle). This hasn't too often been an issue in public bathrooms, but has on occasion (moreso in Canada too, for some reason? Are there actually taller toilets here? XD) What this has usually meant for me is that I can't hover like I prefer to because of a fear of dirty toilet seats. Additionally, as someone who doesn't require a handicap stall, I try my best not to use it if literally any other stall is open. But, when I haven't had a choice, in my experience, handicap toilets tend to be a bit higher (possibly to ensure an easier movement from a wheelchair), and because of this, I've like...literally had to climb atop them.

So, at the clinic, I'm in a situation where I have to use a handicap toilet and I can't get the angle right for me to pee into the cup for some reasons, and I'm getting super stressed out and then more stressed because it's a standard urine test and why do I have to suck and be so bothered by it? So finally, they give me a "urine hat."

%https://alcopro.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/urine-hat-specimen-collection.png

I had never used one before and was given no explanation so I just requested to take it into a single-person bathroom and did so. Now, I didn't realize that the reason it has those flat curved areas are because you're supposed to stick them under the toilet seat so it holds the collection pot directly below you. (I guess because like, I've always associated public toilet seats with being unsanitary, it did not occur to me that this is how you did it). By this time, I have to go pretty badly, especially with all of the anticipation of starting only to have to stop, so I used it the way I assumed it was meant to be used.

By squatting over it.

I figured with a larger target area than a specimen cup, there was no way I could fail. Until I realized that the sound of my pee hitting the urine hat sounded off.

And that's because I was peeing directly on the floor, and I had to go pretty badly at this point so it was a lot. I managed to readjust myself and get some into the urine hat and I know this was gross but I was so upset and embarrassed at this point but I panic cleaned the floor with either toilet paper or paper towels, washed my hands, and left like nothing happened. Definitely not my proudest moment but one that's definitely on the odder side for me lol.

