Public wetting/ diaper trial with wetting and messing

Author: Peemonkey9

*000*2021-12-06 17:49

First real attempt at a story, so please bare with me, it is slightly long.

Start off with a little about myself. Just your average man, that likes wetting any chance I get ( in private), but this particular day was going to be different.

I set out to do some shopping, with all intentions of getting my first public wetting in. I had worn black nylon shorts, so they wouldn't show the wetness, as I am not really to the point of people seeing that much of my adventure.

Started off the morning with 2 large bottles of water, and a large fountain soda. I generally have a smaller bladder to begin with. So you can imagine, in a short amount of time, I was bursting to relieve myself. The store was fairly busy, and as got more and more desperate it was harder to contain myself, without having to pinch my cock to help hold back. To relieve a little of the pressure, I let a few my spurts go, which weren't visible, but made my boxers nice and damp.

As I go thru the store, it just keeps getting worse and worse, to the point of almost having a full on accident. I was looking for something on the bottom shelf, so I had to kneel down on one knee. This made the pressure on my bladder go from a 7 to a 9.5 really fast, with no real good way to help hold back. I thought maybe I would let another little spurt go, but it turned out to be not the case. This one was about 2-3 seconds long and I could feel it running down the leg of my boxers and out the bottom of my shorts. As I stand up from this, there is definitely a puddle on the floor. So I have to hurry from that area.

I had another store to go to and my boxers were now soaked in the front and could feel the dampness on my shorts, but nothing visible to the other unsuspecting shoppers. I ventured to the adult diapers and picked out some, just so I could have some more fun, and be able to shop more. As I go thru the store, I let a few more small spurts go, just to warm me up. After checking out, I make it to my car, without further incident, and drive to the next stop. Using a towel on the seat, just in case, as I didn't want to ruin my seat.

Making to the next destination, I parked, close to others walking about, I stripped down in my seat, kind of hoping to be seen. Using the new pack of diapers, I slipped one on, and put my shorts back on so I could go in to shop more. What a great feeling of the diaper all up against your self. As I'm doing my shopping, I start to get desperate again. Guess the bits I let go earlier just wasn't enough. I was going to put the diaper to the test, just to see how it would hold up, before I did a full on wetting.

First I let a couple small spurts go, and with the diaper it wasn't really noticeable that I had even went any. Walking around the store with no way of any knowing what was going on, started to turn me on. I decided it was time to get close to someone and try letting a bigger amount go, in hopes of the diaper being able to contain it. As I get close to someone I let a good 5 second burst out and I have to say it was amazing. The way the diaper just held the wetness and warmth all in one place, with no leaks, great.

I soon find everything I need, and get to the checkout. Still needing to let go, hence the smaller bladder. I'm at the register while attendant is scanning my items, I slowly just start to let it all go. And go I did, as my diapers is getting really full, I start to worry, because I can not stop the flow. Not like I can grab myself in front of this unsuspecting woman. I finally got the flow under control, about 30 seconds in. By now I have cashed out, and in my way out of the store. The diaper has a major bulge now, and if looking at the front of my shorts, you can tell that something isn't just right. But on the bright side, there still was no leaks. I figured what the heck, I would just leave it on for the trip home.

My trip home is usually short, only about 30 minutes, so I stopped off for a large coffee. As I start down the main road, traffic comes to an abrupt stand still. Way off in the distance I can see flashing lights, as the had been a wreck. I figured no big deal right, I had already emptied my bladder for the most part, and I still had the diaper on, but it was quite full. I had an idea, I would change diapers in traffic, as at this point we were 5 minutes in, with no movement. For the second time today, I stripped down in my car. The people behind me probably thought something was wrong, the way I moved about in my front seat.

Fast forward about 45 minutes, and we still hadn't moved an inch. By this point my bladder was filling back up very rapidly, but that wasn't the only problem I had to deal with. My morning coffee was starting to kick in, and my stomach started to cramp really bad. Now I, have had a few genuine messing accidents, but never in a diaper. Another 30 minutes go by, with no sign of movement. My bladder feels like it is about to burst, and my stomach is hurting so bad, I feel like I'm going to be sick. I made the decision that there is no point in trying to hold back much longer, as my ass cheeks couldn't be clinched any harder, and I am holding myself thru the diaper at this point. I start letting spurts go to relieve my bladder and it is absolutely great. 

I'm wetting in the car and nothing is leaking. But then the poop cramp of all cramps hits, and I literally start to explode. I can feel it filling the back of my diaper, and it is very mushy. To top it off I am full on peeing at this point, so it is running down my balls and pooling with the poop. I am not sure how, but to this point, the diaper has held everything in, but I have to sit back down in my seat. As I do, I can feel the poop just mush everywhere. It is packed in my crack, starting up the back of the diaper, and working it's way up my balls. Once settled in it wasn't too bad, and traffic has now started to move, go figure. The rest of the drive was mostly uneventful, but the time I made to my driveway I had to pee again. Figured what the heck and just let it go.

I have to say, these have to be some really great diapers, because they never did leak.

I got out to gather my bags, hoping no one was home, because I really didn't want to deal with anyone, in state I was in. But I was definitely horny. I stripped down in the bathroom and jump in the shower for a clean up and good wank. Let me tell you, I don't think I have ever gotten off quite like that, and that much. All in all in was a good day. I still have plenty of diapers and think I may have to have some more public adventures in the very near future.

Thanks for the read.... Hope it was good for my first story.

