I fainted and wet myself a few weeks ago

Author: pvault

*000*2020-09-26 09:06

I thought I'd share a story of something that happened to me a few weeks ago that was really unpleasant but also piqued the omo fascination in me. Beware this story is quite intense, a bit gory. It was not a fun experience initially, but some of you might find it interesting. If it turns you on that's okay, I'd love to know. TW for descriptions of surgery, health, mental health, sexual stuff

So basically I'm no stranger to fainting. When I was a kid I would faint very easily from pain or shock. As an adult this only happens in pretty extreme circumstances and usually a medical scenario. For example, having a drip inserted once when I was really sick, another time I had a camera shoved up my sinuses. Acupuncture while hungover. It's a stress response. Despite all the times I've fainted, I've never wet myself, although when regaining consciousness I often have paranoia that I have.

I'm also no stranger to extremely fucked up and very vivid dreams, especially if I'm going through a period of anxiety. I have PTSD and I believe this is a factor. But often I will go through periods where my dreams are so intense and realistic that my sleep is not restful at all, I'm tired throughout the day, and can remember everything in such detail that I usually spend a lot of time thinking about it.

The other week these worlds collided for the first time in a bizarre experience. I was having a dream that I was in surgery, and my ballsack was being operated on. In the dream this was an error, like I was meant to be in there for something else. I also remember that the operating table was tilted backward which was making me feel dizzy. I could feel so vividly the feeling of them cutting into my ballsack, but with no pain because of the anaesthetic. I was hella distressed, trying to break free but I was either tied down or numb from anaesthetic.

I woke up suddenly and I could still sort of feel the feeling in my balls, and I started to faint. I think my waking brain was confused, thought it was real, and triggered that response. All the familiar feelings started coming, the tunnel vision, the nausea, I broke out into a sweat, my heart rate slowed down. It's a very particular feeling that anyone who's fainted knows. I could feel myself losing consciousness, and then I noticed something else. I started pissing myself.

I could feel the piss leaving my dick and pooling around my stomach (I sleep naked and I was on my side), but I was numb. I couldn't necessarily feel the "push" of emptying your bladder. It was just releasing. Because I was semi-conscious still, I was aware of it, and I actually got very scared. I was so disoriented, at the time I had no idea what was happening, and the fact that I was wetting myself was disturbing me. I didn't fully lose consciousness and slowly started to recover. By this point I'm just covered in sweat, feeling like I'm gonna vomit, laying in a pool of my own urine in bed. Luckily I always have a protective sheet for those spontaneous horny moments.

When I had fully regained consciousness, I was just like what the fuck. I went and sat in the shower for like 40 minutes until I felt better. I was in shock about what just happened. But of course, when I went back to my room, the thought that I had involuntarily pissed myself turned me on, and I jerked off into the wet spot on my bed.

I actually told my doctor about it and he thought it was mostly mental health related but very bizarre, and that it's not uncommon for people to wet themselves when they faint and shouldn't be of concern unless it happened again. Maybe my bladder was particularly full because it was the morning and because my brain went into emergency mode, it didn't think it was important to hold my piss in anymore.

One for the memory bank. Was interesting but hope it never happens again lol.

