Hiking Desperation

Author: potiens

*000*2016-10-21 16:47

This is a story that happened to me about a month ago, I just haven't had time to tell you guys yet. My friend (female) and I (male) were heading upstate to go hiking over the weekend. I didn't have anything to do and she asked me to come along. The drive up was about 3.5 hours. About an hour in we stopped and both used the bathroom, I grabbed some water from the gas station and we kept going. A few hours later as we exited the highway to our stop, I had to pee pretty bad. I didn't say anything because I figured I could just go when we got to the hiking ground, but every gas station we passed was torture.

About a half an hour later we got to some parking and an opening to the trail. We had never been there before so I assumed this was the main entrance, we found out later it wasn't. We got out of the car and went over to the trail map. It was super poorly labeled, we had NO clue where we were on it. At this point I really needed to pee, but I didn't wanna go in the trees because there were quite a bit of people around. The bathroom was located right at the foot of the mountain we were hiking on the map, so I suggested trying to find our way there so I could use the bathroom and we could start our hike up the mountain. "That sounds like a good idea, I need to go too" she said. So we started on our hike.

A few minuted in, I saw a building in the distance. I had to pee SO bad at this point, I started fast walking awkwardly toward it. Disappointment. It was a maintenance shed. I was slightly worried as I did not see it on the map and had no clue where we were, but we kept hiking. About 15 minutes later we hit the path to start hiking up the mountain. No bathroom. At this point there were few enough people around I felt comfortable peeing in the woods. I honestly couldn't have waited any longer than I did, My friend didn't want to keep looking for the bathroom, even though she said she needed to go earlier, and wasn't comfortable going in the woods. I felt bad, but she didn't mind and said she was "used to it".

After about another hour of hiking we decided to stop and eat the lunch we had packed. We both had about 28oz of water. We had given up looking for the bathroom at this point, we had somehow passed it on a different trail, so we continued our hike up the mountain. The first hour we were chatting pretty normally and going at a decent pace. Even though she hadn't had anything to drink on the car ride, I was impressed she was doing so well holding it. She didn't seem to mind waiting at all, she didn't even mention it until we got further up the trail.

Being that this was an Appalachian mountain trail, once we got further up it, there were inevitably waterfalls. This did not seem to help her. Almost all the way up the mountain, she started slowing down. "I'm sorry I'm going so slow, I could go faster if I didn't have to go to the bathroom", she said. I told her it was fine and that I felt bad we couldn't find one. I did genuinely feel bad for her, but I was also enjoying it a bit.

By this point we had reached the top of the trail and were on our way back down. We had been there for several hours at this point, I was amazed she hadn't lost it yet. On the way down I'm sure the bumpy trail was awful for her. A few minuted in, she stopped behind me.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Yeah.. I can't wait to go to the bathroom", she said, half laughingly and half with genuine urgency. On the way back I honestly think she was waiting for me get in front of her far enough I wouldn't notice if she peed herself. She insisted that I walk in front of her, and she kept slowing down and pressing her legs together.

She had dark shorts on, so she might have been able to get away with it if I had let her get far enough behind. I made sure to keep pace with her though, keeping a fairly short distance so I would notice if something happened. Once we got to the bottom of the mountain and back on flat ground, she started moving much faster. She was clearly in a hurry to get to the car. When we got to the car, she slammed the door shut and hit the gas as soon as I got in, immediately looking up the nearest gas station. She did not look comfortable.

She was sitting up very straight and her legs were pressed tight together the entire time, hands gripping the wheel tighter firmer than normal. When we got to the gas station she sprinted inside. I still have no idea how she managed to wait that long. The hike was so steep we were covered in sweat, so its totally possible she didn't completely make it. We were there for about 5 hours in total, so its possible she completely made it, but it was a close call to say the least.

