Having Real Unwanted Accidents as an Adult

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-06-15 04:52

As I explained in my introductory post, I had countless accidents till I was about 10, and the problem subsided. Now in my late 20s (26) my bladder control has weakened significantly. Ive had tiny leaks over the years, but these recent incidents this year were full blown accidents...

The first time I completely lost control as an adult was back in January. I was out at a house party with my friends. All the years I drank I have always made it to the toilet... until this night. I had like 6 beers, which is typical for me. Once I decided to call it a night, I figured I catch my bus to go home since it runs every hour at this time of night. Feeling a slight tickling need to pee, I headed for the bathroom and it was occupied! I thought, 'ehh im grown now I can tought it out and hold it, I cant miss this bus'.

The urge went away as I was walking to the bus stop. I got on, and had about an hour ride home. 10 mins into the ride, the urge to pee hit me again bad. I started to regret ditching the bathroom. I could have just stayed at the party for another hour. About 30 minutes or so in, it was getting REALLY bad, and fast! I started violently bouncing my legs, good thing I was the only one on the bus. Somehow I still knew I was gonna make it, ive been in situations like this before. 45 minutes in now, my desperation grew to a point that I started to believe now I dont think i'm gonna make it. My hand now holding my crotch ever so tight, every bump I felt the leaks getting closer and closer to escaping.

Finally, I approach my stop, and as I get up, a big leak spurts out! Letting out a faint moan, I shove my hand back up the skirt of my dress to hold myself, feeling my panties now wet. Stepping off into the winter air, I spurt again! Ramming my other hand on my crotch, I begin to cry, walking with both hands up my dress, I couldn't believe I was about to have an accident for the first time in over 15 years!

I could have just did it right there but I was just too scared to pee in public. Still both hands squeezing myself, my wet panties turning cold, more leaks came out, rewarming the wetness. The feeling of this in the cold made me spurt even more, and then... a reflex contracted my bladder muscles, it was over... I froze, peeing full force, for over 2 minutes, hearing all this pee crashing to the floor. I walked back to my house in a soaked cold dress, crying of extreme humiliation. I went inside my house, took off all my wet clothes, took a nice hot bath and passed out right on my bed.

Now the second accident I had was just last month. I woke up, made my breakfast and 2 big cups of coffee as usual. I went out to run some errands, and didnt need to pee yet of course, until later as I took the bus back to my town. The coffee started to catch up to my bladder, fast! Maybe I used too much salt on my food combined with the coffee. But of course like an idiot, instead of walking home I decided to get some groceries first so I didnt need to go out again later.

When i was done shopping, I was now bursting bad. But I didnt feel like dropping all these bags, buying something in a store or restaurant just to use a bathroom. I was frustrated with myself. I knew I had to make it! I can't be not even 30 yet and becoming so incontinent! Walking back to my house with a bursting throbbing bladder, combined with no hands to hold myself, and hands full of heavy bags was much harder than I thought. I started to walk fast, frantic, sweating, I had to make it! But the faster I walked, the more I felt the pee coming closer to the tip of my peehole. I began to feel little dribbles come out as I approached my house. I couldn't possibly believe I was about to have an accident again! sober!

Dropping my bags in front of my door, squeezing myself tight, frantically digging through my purse for my keys, I felt more dribbles come out. Getting my keys, opening my door, and bringing the bags in while holding myself, my bladder started spasming hard. I was about to have another accident!! NOOO!! I RAN to the bathroom with pee now spurting out of both my hands, and as soon as I laid eyes on the toilet, that bladder muscle reflex shot me again, and the dam bursted open allover the bathroom floor! hobbling to the toilet with pee shooting everywhere, I sat on the toilet in exhaustion, emptying the rest of my bladder, crying my eyes out... I cleaned up the mess, put my groceries away and took a bath still feeling miserable...

I don't know why all of a sudden these accidents are happening to me at 26. I went to a urologist to get some tests, did a sonogram, everything was ok. Just told me to ease up on the diuretics. So it was these incidents that made me start posting here. And thinking about them now gets me REALLY aroused. Although I am turned on by peeing myself, I still hope this doesn't get worse. I guess im just getting older and my body's changing, tied up with my anxiety.

Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed it!

*006*2018-06-18 00:13

{{1 hour ago, kumari said:

Well, according to your profile, you're a trans woman. I don't know if you're on HRT.

}}

Well I do identify as female but im not on those. im not even sure what I am. but thats a whole other topic

*009*2018-06-18 18:53

{{16 hours ago, thereaverofdarkness said:

A lot of people get age-related incontinence at some point, usually in later years but it's not uncommon at younger years. Also, just because the urologist didn't find anything doesn't mean there isn't anything wrong. But based on your story I'd be more likely to suspect it was the combination of beer/coffee and time. The amount of drinks and amount of time you mentioned would make me struggle, and I have a fairly decent ability to hold.

So what I'd ask you is this: are these events different from before? Have you had that much alcohol or coffee previously and tried to wait that long? If not, it may simply have caught you by surprise because you hadn't experienced it before. Indeed, if it was normal for people to have an hour long bus ride home after a night drinking, the buses would all smell like pee.

}}

I have drank heavy and have held for long periods of time drinking. I guess it is age and bad timing. If I were to wait for the next bus and pee before I left that night I might have just made it, and the second incident with the coffee I should have just used a bathroom in a store. I guess I was just careless is all

*011*2018-06-21 01:14

{{On 6/18/2018 at 4:20 PM, thereaverofdarkness said:

It happens to the best of us!

Careless, maybe. Confident and determined, yes and I won't fault you for that, even if it led to you peeing your pants a couple times.

}}

