A Trip to the Coffee Shop

Author: PrincessEsther

*000*2018-03-10 09:21

A small accidental omo anecdote?

So I was out with a few of my friends at a local coffee shop downtown. Pretty small, but pretty cool. Hipstery and trendy. But cool.

I was there with a couple of guy friends and a female friend I’ve know since middle school. Like, 16 years ago I think. I won’t describe her, just my relationship to her, since it isn’t her omo but mine. Let’s call her Stacy. Stacy and I had dated a little in college, but she left me for her ex. Kind of a bitch move, but we made up eventually. We’re pretty close nowadays, and besides my actual partner and my roommates, Stacy’s been a great ally for my trans stuff and helps me feel more like one of the girls. She’s just a great friend.

And I’m still really really hot for her. Like, I have mentioned that if anything happens to her and her husband, or they opened up their relationship, I could be there in an instant. She knows and mostly laughed it off.

But anyways, myself. Kinda short, slightly chubby Hispanic trans girl. I’d like to think I’m pretty. Almost perfect long curly hair. Pretty okay breasts. B cup right now? I... don’t remember what I was wearing. But I’ve been trending towards tight pants for awhile now.

So I had had a few cups of coffee, and was working on an iced latte. It was my third coffee overall I think? Now for reference, my bladder is either okay, or really not okay. I was starting to notice my bladder. Not for pervy reasons, but for being with friends at coffee shop reasons, I was putting off peeing a little.

Eventually, I got up to use the restroom, and I was expecting cool hipster coffee shop to have gender neutral or single person bathrooms, cause I’m still not really confident in myself as a transwoman. But nope. A men’s and a women’s. I sat back down. I could hold it.

Stacy turns to me. She vaguely knows about my bladder problems, and that my trans medicine doesn’t help my bladder at all. And that I had a lot of coffee.

“Do you have to pee?”

I blushed hardcore. I do not like being obvious unless I’m like, trying to be.

“No, it’s fine, it can wait. The bathrooms are women’s and men’s. I’ll just wait.”

“It’s bad for you to hold it. You can get an infection.”

“It’s fine.”

And I really thought it was. So I just held it for the next half hour. I probably could have held it a few more hours I thought. We were gonna go soon anyways. It was fine.

What was happening though was I kept noticing Stacy looking at me and kind of staring at me, totally checking me out. I was so digging it. And the talk with our friends? Hella.

She looks at me again.

“Hey, do you wanna leave?”

Oh man did I. I mean. She was also my ride home, but I was expecting a little something something from the way she’s been eyeing me.

“Yeah, lets get out of here.”

I start walking to her car, before she grabs my arm.

“Oh no no no missy. You’re not sitting in my car before you pee. You’ve been squirming around like a toddler since almost an hour ago. Holding yourself, crossing your legs, bouncing around. We’re going to find you a bathroom stat.”

I uhh, had not noticed really. I thought she was checking me out. I was totally checking her out the whole time. Whoops. When she mentioned it though, I guess I finally felt how badly I needed to go.

I hid down an alley while she looked up gender neutral bathrooms nearby for me. I potty danced... quite a bit.

She finally found one nearby, and told me:

“Go go go, before you pee yourself!”

“It’s not that bad!” I exclaimed while still running like it was that bad.

I made it pretty okay, except a little spot that I hadn’t really noticed. I’m not really sure when it happened, but it was no more than the size of a quarter.

Stacy was waiting outside the bathroom.

“Did you make it?”

“Yes I made it, shut up.”

“Lemme see!”

“What, gross! No way perv!”

I did not really care if Stacy was a perv. In fact, I was hoping she was.

“Then you didn’t make it, did you?”

I mean I was covering up the spot with my bag, but I told her:

“I made it just fine. Thanks.”

“Sure.”

We got back in her car, and she was driving me home to drop me off. She was apparently not interested in some kinky polyamorous sex yet. A bit into the ride I’m just sort of staring out the window assuming she forgot about earlier.

“I knew it! You wet yourself!”

She was pointing at the little wet spot, not quite dry on my jeans. I guess at some point I opened my legs enough for her to see, and she just glanced over.

My legs shot closed again and I covered myself.

“It’s not that bad!”

“It’s bad enough that you wet yourself!”

“I would have been fine if I hadn’t been too nervous to use the bathroom.”

“Well, next time I can just go with you, okay? Girls do that all the time. You’re a girl, right?”

“Yes...”

“You can’t just hold it like that. It’s really really bad for you. Seriously, I’ve gotten infections from holding it too long just from work and school. It hurts like a bitch. And if you get a UTI, sometimes you wet the bed, and you have trouble holding it. And you already do BOTH of those things sometimes. If there’s a bathroom available, just go next time. I’m serious, I’ll go with you.”

Oh god was I embarrassed. I sort of just decided to let Stacy win though. She dropped me off, and I went to go take a shower. And fap.

Honestly, from the pervy side of me, I can’t wait to hear her pee from the stall next to me next time. But maybe I should listen to the non pervy side of me and just let it not be an omo thing.

