Trip to the shop

Author: purlypuff

*000*2021-05-28 23:03

Hi everyone! Long time no see hihi. I hope you are all doing well in the times we live in.

I want to start writing down some of my pee related experiences I've had in my life but I want to write them really well and really detailed and it just takes a lot of time. I'll have to get into that at some point.

Anyways, this is just a short little story that happened to me a long time ago now. I wrote it as accurate as I could remember but I might have added a few details that I forgot for effect. Hope you like it!

I think I was 15 at the time. I was visiting my grandma in Colombia with my family. As some of you know I'm from Colombia but don't live there anymore. This happened the first evening we got there.

My mom was in the middle of preparing a nice dinner when she asked me to go down to the shop to pick up some groceries she forgot to buy earlier. It was absolutely pouring with rain outside but I didn't mind it as I quite like to walk in the rain. There is a 15 minute walk down to the shop. I already had to pee really really bad. I hadn't bothered going to the bathroom since the airport. You know how you sometimes don't want to get up and go to the bathroom because you are at home and you can go anytime anyway. 

No worries, I would just pee before I leave right? No. My sister was in the shower... My grandma doesn't live in the biggest apartment so there is only one bathroom. I knock and ask her if I can come in and pee but no luck. I decided to just leave it and go to the shop. As I said earlier it was pouring with rain so I grabbed my mom's rain coat and wellies. I was wearing nothing more than a crop top and a pair of high waisted denim shorts under the coat. The raincoat covered up my entire outfit so it kind of looked like I wasn't wearing anything underneath but I didn't really care. I was just going to the shop and even though it was raining, Colombia = HOT lol.

As I walked down the stairs from the apartment I was already pretty desperate. Those energy drinks to help with the jet lag really didn't help my bladder. Every step I took felt like a punch to the bladder. I was stuck in this weird dilemma of walking fast and putting pressure on my bladder vs walking slow and risking not making it back in time to use the bathroom. I started to get these cold sweats I always get when I'm really desperate and as I was walking I whispered to myself "You can make it, you can make it".

I kept walking for a few minutes when suddenly I got a moment of extreme urge to pee. I quickly squated down to compose myself. I took all my willpower to not wet myself but eventually it was fine, I didn't pee. I pretended to tie my shoes to not look odd in case anyone saw me (pro tip for you there). I hurried the rest of the way to the shop. I was finally there. My only focus at this point was not to pee myself in the store. I grabbed what I needed as quickly as I could. There was a small line to the cashier. I was now so desperate it almost hurt. I wanted to cry. I crossed my legs and leaned forward against the checkout desk as discreetly as possible but I didn't really care if anyone noticed.

I stepped back out into the rain and I knew that I wasn't going to make it back. There was no way. A tear rolled down my cheek. I was panicking, I didn't know what to do. I came to the conclusion that there was no other option than to pee myself. My raincoat covered my shorts and my legs were already wet from the rain so no one would notice. I went around the corner from the shop were there was no one around, I put the grocery bag down on the ground beside me and took a deep breath and spread my legs. 

The pee started flowing out into my panties and into my shorts. I felt it run up a bit towards my bum and down my legs. It started quite slow but eventually I couldn't control it and it started gushing out. My shorts got soaked back to front and my wellies were filled with pee. The release felt so good to the point were it was almost orgasmic. Okay, probably not but it felt that way at the time. It was so good. It felt as if the warm stream down my legs would never end. I needed to go sooo badly.

Eventually I stopped peeing and at that point reality hit me. What did I just do?! I just peed myself! What was I going to tell the others when I got back? I started panicking, this time not because I needed to pee but because I didn't know how to make this go unnoticed. I took off my mom's wellies and poured out the pee. I rinsed them off in a water puddle to make sure they weren't going to smell and headed back home. I'm pretty sure at least my sister knew what had happened because she knew I needed to go before I left and when I came home I went into the bathroom with the raincoat still on and came back out with new pants lol. She never told anyone though so thank you for that Isabella if you're reading hihi. (Kinda hope you aren't though lol).

Thanks for reading! I'm not a great writer but I hope you liked it anyway

*002*2021-05-29 17:26

{{15 hours ago, dunnetahl said:

Wonderful story. I love peeing myself in the rain. Perfect excuse. If anything you could have taken off the raincoat for a bit and let yourself get completely soaked so no one could tell where the wet spots were. Thanks for sharing!

}}

I suppose I could have. I think I was worried they would have been unrealistically wet from just rain but I don't know lol

