Starting Hold: What should I do?

Author: PrincelyDesire

*000*2020-11-21 06:08

Hiya~ About an hour ago, I did an unplanned hold and wetting (which I've also shared here

). I know I'll be weaker; I've also been drinking lots of water and a big glass of ice tea - I can feel it starting to work it's way in.

I think I wanna be naughty and wet again. I need to keep it contained to my room but I love wearing specific things, piling blankets onto my chair while uncontrollably leaking, challenges, etc.

Give me ideas and/or challenge me~!

I'll post updates as it hits me, as I am sure it will be sudden.

*001*2020-11-21 06:17

Oof my bladder aches a little already.

*002*2020-11-21 06:35

I'm getting my first surge of desperation, oh I feel so full already and more is coming

*003*2020-11-21 06:49

Starting a hold with someone - we aren't allowed to move from our chairs. My bladder feels so so so full but I'm so aroused at the same time

*006*2020-11-22 02:48

{{19 hours ago, Luna said:

I would recommend you to use the Live Action Thread.

$/736-live-action-omorashi/

}}

You're absolutely correct, my apologies!

{{17 hours ago, Bisonwin said:

If you’re still looking for suggestions- change into an oversized shirt and either shorts and or just two pairs of underwear. For added challenge if you can sit on your chair backwards do that if you won’t get stuck (or at least in a way you can’t escape from after a while) for just regular challenge get the biggest sealable bottle you can and fill it with water, then lie down on your floor and put it on you bladder, this is where that bottle now lives until one of you is empty. Take a drink from it every few minutes until empty. If the biggest ones you can find are less than like 1L find a second smaller bottle. Somewhere between 1.5-2L should do if you want something that will really push you over. You could also have a punishment where if it fall off you, you need to fill it back up some more.

}}

I definitely like doing layers of underwear, so I will need to try sitting on my chair backwards!

