One of my first holds

Author: peelosopher

*000*2017-09-10 00:51

Hi guys, this is my first time writing about one of my experiences, feel free to share yours too!

When I was sixteen I was well aware of my preference for omorashi, I enjoyed holding my bladder, but seldom wet due to living with my parents. I've also always had a strong bladder, and rather than lose control of it, it just starts to hurt. Though this has developed more as I got older, and I did have accidents as a child. Anyway, this is the story of one of my first proper holds.

I woke up one day and went for my morning wee, rushing around to get ready for school. I put on grey uniform trousers, white shirt, tie and school jumper. I was running late, but my mum had filled my steel water bottle with some tea to take with me. I got into the car and started sipping the hot tea as my dad grumbled about how late I was making him. As he grumbled I went over my schedule for the day. It was a Tuesday, and I had a youth group after school. My dad was working late, and I knew my mum would be meeting her friend, and that meant I would arrive home to an empty house. Whenever I had an empty house I would do a hold, but usually only had a couple hours and no notice, so they weren't very interesting, but this meant I had the whole day to fill my bladder. I eagerly finished off my tea before arriving at school, excited for the day ahead.

Classes began, and I was bored as usual. I hadn't had a chance to refill my water bottle, so I couldn't drink anything. Once the class ended, I quickly went to fill it before heading to the next one. I steadily drank it through my classes. By the time lunch hit I had to pee, but it was the kind of pressure that you don't notice unless you're actively thinking about it. The level where if someone asked if you had to pee you'd realise that you do, but wouldn't really think of it besides that.

I have to admit I can't remember exactly how much I drank, I know I made an effort to drink more than usual. That being said, I don't drink a whole lot unless I'm exercising or eating anyway. By the time the day ended I needed to go moderately, but certainly wasn't desperate. I got waited by the bus stop for my youth group, feeling somewhat impatient and wishing I'd drank more. My bus arrived, and I got to youth group.

I was hungry when I arrived, and decided to get myself a sandwich and a coke. The youth group was two hours, and I was hungry. I ate and drank, and was afterwards considerably less grumpy. I went to youth group and chatted and hung out with people for about half an hour, when the coke seemed to hit my bladder. At this level, I was the perfect level of desperation. I had to go, and could feel the pressure in my bladder consistently, but it didn't hurt yet. Usually when I hit this point, I like to begin to pleasure myself. After I've pleasured myself, I don't have any interest in holding anymore, so I just go. This didn't last too long, and about an hour later the pressure was beginning to be painful. It wasn't an unbearable pain, and still somewhat enjoyable. The last half hour of the group was uncomfortable, as I couldn't move about or show my desperation obviously. At this point I did consider just going, but thought that would be a waste of effort.

The group eventually ended, and I went to catch my bus. As I walked out, I saw the bus pass, but didn't mind too much. This would give me a chance to get more desperate. Once I was at the bus stop I began to squirm around and grab my crotch. It's not that I needed to in order not to wet, but having this fetish, I was enjoying exaggerating my desperation. Just as I was getting lost in my thoughts, and wondering how long the bus would take, two facilitators from the youth group came to wait for their own bus. It was a different bus, but while they were there I had to stop my squirming and chat nicely. When they finally got on their bus, I instantly resumed my dancing about. As it was quite late, and nobody else as around I didn't even try to be subtle.

Although I first was exaggerating my actions, after forty five minutes, it was starting to become genuine. I was wondering where my bus was, as it was supposed to come every half hour. I squirmed and danced, eventually sitting down and waiting irritably. Fifteen minutes later, the pain was becoming serious, and I wanted relief. At this point I was cold, and hungry and didn't really care about the hold in my discomfort. I paced around the bushes near the bus stop, seriously considering taking a leak in one. I decided to do it, and stood behind the nearest bush. I decided to relax my bladder and let a little into my underwear, as it looked like I wasn't going to be wetting myself.

It took me a moment, but I managed to let a little bit go. I reached down to my belt buckle, and as I did, saw that my bus was coming. I quickly went onto the pavement by the bus stop, and got my ticket ready. I got on the mostly empty bus, and went to the back, where I would be the only person. I squirmed around on the seat, but didn't quite have the courage to actually grab myself or let out another spurt. But the pain was getting unpleasant again. I looked out of the bus, and saw I was the only one left on. The stop was soon, so I relaxed my bladder a bit. This time the leak came far easier, immediately after I stopped actively holding it in. Having enjoyed the feeling of the warm wetness, I let some more go. This time a lot got out, and I quickly grabbed myself to stop it.

I didn't want to wet in public, both for the sake of others and my own humiliation. I felt my hand was wet, and looked down to see a small wet patch on my grey school trousers. This both excited and embarrassed me slightly. What if my parents were home early and saw? I certainly didn't want to explain my fetish to them, and the only other option would be feigning a genuine accident, which could cause a trip to the doctor. These worries in mind, once I got off the bus I quickly began walking to my house. I was now both in pain and worried, a bad combination, especially for something that was supposed to be enjoyable.

I got to my house, and saw the lights inside were off. Good, I was the first one home. As I took my keys out I looked down at my wet spot in the dim light provided my street lamps, and crossed my legs. I kept my hand on my crotch and tried to unlock the door. It was jammed, I played around with it a bit longer, becoming impatient. I wanted to wet before my parents got home, but not out here on the street. I took my hand off my crotch to properly try and get the door unlocked, and as I did a spurt came out involuntarily.

I paled, both excited and terrified by the prospect of actually losing control. The door finally clicked open and I hurried inside, more leaks coming out as I kicked of my shoes and dropped my bag at the door. I marched in place and held my crotch as I struggled to do the locks back up. I sprinted upstairs to the toilet, and felt a steady stream make its way out. I stopped halfway up the stairs and grabbed myself, jumping up and down. I couldn't wet here, not on the carpeted stairs.

I managed to stop the stream, but my whole crotch was soaked, with a trail down my leg. I ran up the rest of the way into the toilet, and as soon I shut the door completely relaxed. I watched the pee run down my legs soaking into my trousers, turning them more black than grey. When a puddle started to form on the floor, I quickly hopped into the bath tub, not wanting more clean up than necessary.

When I finished I was in a happy relieved daze, but couldn't enjoy it long. I used toilet paper to wipe up the small puddle I'd made before getting into the bath tub, and turned the water on to wash the pee in the tub away. I pulled off my wet clothes, and pulled on boxers and a t shirt. I gathered my wet clothes and other dirty laundry, throwing them in the wash and turning it on. I didn't want my parents to know of the accident, and the smell of the clothes if they weren't washed would be a dead giveaway. I'd only just turned the machine on when I heard the car pulling up, and I ran to the couch and turned on the telly. Doing my best to look relaxed, as though I'd been watching the whole time since I got home.

*002*2017-09-10 01:35

{{28 minutes ago, purplegirl said:

Great story! Loved the description of your desperation, and how you almost didn't make it safely into the bathroom!

}}

Thank you so much! So glad you enjoyed it! :)

*004*2017-09-10 02:19

{{11 minutes ago, miss_mimi said:

I really enjoyed your desperation!! thank you for sharing that with us

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it! Thank you for your comment! :)

*006*2017-09-10 02:29

{{8 minutes ago, miss_mimi said:

Wish read more story about you

}}

I'll post more soon! :)

