Fully letting go in bed for the first time

Author: Peeinginbed

*000*2020-05-26 19:59

I'm a longtime lurker, but new to posting, I just had to share my experience over the past 2 days.

Female, 20s, for anyone curious. Thought I was gonna have more time home alone yesterday but everything went great either way. Everyone's gone, just me and my full bladder which I stretched even further by chugging coffee all morning. I put on a pair of undies and my light pink, loose pj pants to start and laid in bed to watch some wetting porn. I have an air mattress, and pulled back my blankets, laying only on a thin gray sheet.

It was hard to pee at first no matter what position I got in, so I stood up and let a spurt out standing since it's easier. I let it go for about 3 seconds, and started getting a nice warm feeling down there that was caused by more than just pee then i laid back in bed and masturbated, trying to let more out but alas, my bladder was stubborn. Mom got home, I changed and threw a towel and blanket over my bed.

When I went to be later last night, I had to pee sooo badly, I was also ragingly horny. So again I pulled up some videos and changed into light grey, tighter, pj botttoms. Immediately I felt like peeing, unlike earlier, it flowed out so easily and I was so wet in other ways that I barely felt myself peeing. I pushed for one spurt, and a small stream kept coming. It felt so good I never wanted it to end. But i cut the flow, felt myself some more, and decided to be really risky and just sleep as is in my wet pants and bed. Not too wet at this point, but enough to show easily.

I woke up around 3am needing to piss so badly. Masturbating really fills my bladder for some reason. So fuck it, might as well go big or go home. I pushed a few times and the third push, a large spurt gushed out. Then I countinued pushing as hard as I could (laying on my back) and I probably let out about 1/2 my bladder. The warmth spread almost down to my knees from how forceful my stream was. I continued to let small spurts out for a while, while continuing to masturbate. I also discovered that if I push like I'm trying really hard to pee while rubbing my clit, it leads to the greatest orgasm ever OMG. can't wait til I have my own place and can do this more often, preferably a true desperation accident some day.

