At home, tire swing fun

Author: P155princess

*000*2021-09-18 09:41

What got everything started was that I was jumping on the trampoline at home and I leaked a lot. Enough it was noticeable, but I was not trying to let go. But after jumping I had to go more! But I was going to ignore it. Then I sat on the tire swing and was having some fun. And I was enjoying the feeling of the wet jeans. So I think to myself..I'm home alone..why not enjoy the sun?

It was a freeing rush.

20210917_143151_1_1_1.mp4

$$

$$

*003*2021-09-18 14:28

{{Just now, Wetsy said:

Awesome pics..Love the jeans. They show the wetness well..Glad you enjoyed it.I sure did

}}

Thanks! I like it even more when others enjoy it too!

*005*2021-09-18 14:42

{{3 minutes ago, h1234 said:

Great video, and picture. Should tell more stories about peeing yourself.

}}

What do you mean? Like with more details..or just more posts in general..because today is just beginning for me. ...and I'm not in a holding mood. Just lazy let it go mood.

Like if I'm outside in the sun and it's comfy I'm not leaving the deck...kinda mood

I never gave any background to these wet panties. That was a crazy vodka fueled night btw.

$$

$$

*007*2021-09-18 15:05

@h1234

Pictures are my favorite part. With the tire swing I was at home, alone, and the kid was still in school. I drank 2 bottles of water and had maybe half a beer. Just because I know how to get myself going...and I started to feel creative. Like I wanted to do something fun and different. But I didn't want to take my blue jeans off either. Because I love the way the jeans feel when they are wet on my skin. So I could feel I needed to go, but there was no urgency to go..ya know. Like I could have been a good girl and peed properly. But what fun is that? So I decided to jump on the trampoline, which made me leak, instantly. A full bladder and jumping..all the centrifugal forced when you hit the ground made me gush a lil bit and you could see it down the front of my jeans all the way to my knees. But it wasn't very damp. Like I could have played it off as sweat or a spilled drink.

And when I got off the trampoline. I REALLY had to pee. But there are neighbors driving down the street..and one talking in their yard to another friend or something. But I still live out in nowhere so there is a lot of space between me and them. They can't see me. Or they can see me, but not clearly what I am doing. I just look like an adult trying to "exercise". So I get this brilliant idea to sit on the tire swing because I wanted to see what an air trail would look like. For my personal spank bank.

Anyways...I hits me harder when I sit down. So I am swinging and I let some out. I think I was pee shy at first, because I really wanted to just gush every where and it took me a few seconds to get there. But then I did and it was amazing. It felt very warm but then a cold breeze from swinging would hit at the same time. The funnier thing is...because my butt was out the back of the tire swing..it did not get wet. I only watered my pants and the grass. Which impressed me. ....However after I got out of the tire swing and stood completely up. I peed again without even trying. This was a huge gush..That I didn't get to catch on camera. It was completely involuntary and made my pants soaked. I fucking loved it. I sat around on my deck like that until the kid came home and then I rushed inside to the shower. to change into dry clothes.

###

I will have to make a separate post for the panties!!!

*011*2021-09-18 20:04

@lovetohold

I think on a day like today I would love a hammock too!

