Another uncontrollable accident

Author: Peepants1999

*000*2016-06-01 06:09

So a couple months ago some friends and I met up at a local donut/coffee shop for breakfast before our 8am phycology class. I ordered a sausage egg and cheese biscuit with a large iced coffee to drink throughout class for the day, after finishing our meals we headed to the campus, I felt the slight urge to pee when class started but I figured I could hold it being that I only had classes that day till 12. At about 9:30am a sudden sharp pain filled my gut and I had a sudden urge to go #2 very badly, and by this time I had finished all of my coffee and had to pee as well which wasn't helping due to the pressure on my bladder. I squeezed and held my breath from having a Fecal incident in my pants during class. I waited till that class was over to go find somewhere I could relive some of the pressure before my next class.

Forgetting that there were no bathrooms on my wing of the campus due to construction i would have to relive myself else where being I didn't not have enough time to make it across campus and back before my next class started. I went outside and looked around, there were some portal potties where the construction was and as much as I steer clear of those things it was my only hope and I was about to go in my pants. I went to the portal potties to find they were already occupied and had a long line outside of both of them, 10 minutes passed as I waited. Only 15 minutes left until class started and I was very desperate for a bathroom. I was about 6 people away from reliving myself as I looked down and saw 10 minutes till class started. I started to worry, but I was in luck being that the people in front of me were all male ( no offence to you ladies, just most guys pee a lot faster than females.)

Finally it is my turn and I walk in, only 4 minutes till class starts, no time to go poop, so I decided I would at least go pee and relive my bladder of some pressure... Well my body decided that wasn't happening, I went to push to pee and almost pooped my pants and I knew if I was gonna go it would have to be both. There was no time for that so I decided I would just have to suffer through one more class. I went to the class barely making it in before the professor closed the door. I sat in the back that day so nobody would be looking at me fidgeting around. The class seemed to drag on, my palms were sweaty and my face felt hot, I'm sure I was red of embarrassment because i had to go so bad even though nobody knew I felt like they were staring at me.

After almost loosing control multiple times the class ends and I rush to my truck to get home fast. (Just about the whole east wing of the school were waiting for the portal potties so no way I was waiting) I jumped in my truck and took off as fast as I could to get home, driving on the edge of my seat clenching my cheeks and one hand on my crotch trying not to completely destroy my pants and seat. But as soon as I got on the interstate I hit traffic. Of course with my luck I hit traffic.( and if anybody know Savannah, GA traffic they know its horrible). 

About 15 minutes passed and I am now feeling sick to my stomach I have to go so bad. The traffic was at a complete stand still due to a semi tuck tipped over blacking all three lanes. At this point I gave up I knew I wasn't going to make it home still being 20 minutes across town with no traffic. I threw my truck in park and reach in the back, being in college I need to make some extra money so I basically uber people and I keep gabrabge bags in the back seat because if a drunk person threw up in my truck (which is very nice btw) I would probably loose my temper.

I had planed on just taking my pants off and going in the garbage bag being that my truck is on a 9 inch lift kit and sits higher than most other cars and trucks no one would see my pants were off and ultamently o had to go so bad I wouldn't care if they saw me. But again with my luck we start to move again. So my whole brilliant idea was crushed. I laid the bag out over the seat and put another one partly opened under my butt to catch the urine. I figured I would try to just go pee being that I was sitting down now and it would be much harder to go poop. I adjusted and made sure none would get on my seats and I let go. A strong hissing noise arouse as I started to drench my shorts, the stream was so strong that it burned coming out and where my tip was it kinda made a fountain even trough my boxers and shorts. I could feel the wetness go everywhere, around the sides of my waist, down the front of my crotch and onto my butt.

I didn't think it was going to stop it just kept coming out, the garbage bag was getting full for how it was sitting, I tried to stop the flow to adjust it but couldn't, I had already lost full control and my shorts that were once white were now a yellowish tint and see through to my blue boxers, I wast still going too. The garbage bag started to over flow luckily the other one I put on the seat kept it from getting on my seats. I sent for a good 3 minutes before gaining control and stoping the pee from coming out. As I got closer to home the urge to poop hit me again and I couldn't hold it anymore, I picked my butt of the seat to give enough roof and push a little. I could feel the warm mushy shit slide out into my boxers.. There was a lot of it too, i felt it starting to go between my legs and to the sides of my butt cheeks, once the creamy poop stopped coming out I slowly sat back down I could feel the poop go in every direction on my butt.

About 15 minutes go by and I take the next exit ramp and take the back roads home. I got out of the truck cleaned up the garbage bag and went to go inside. As I went up the steps of my porch I lost control again and finished wetting my pants all on my front porch,tried to hold it in but the pressure was too strong, slowly working my way to my front door leaving a trail of urine on the porch. I opened the door and went to my bathroom, not taking off my cloths I got in the shower fully dressed and cleaned my self up.

Thanks for reading guys let me know what y'all think and if something like this has ever happened to you.

