Holding While at Work

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*000*2024-10-24 01:15

Hello!

So this morning I woke up at 3 to pee and stayed up for about an hour. During that hour I was pretty bored and came up with some fun plans for my day. I decided I was going to go back to bed for a bit, skip peeing when I woke up again, then see how long I could hold it. I wrote this during the hold itself, so sorry if it's a bit all over the place. 😅 Oh! I have a nice bulge pic for yall, too! Hope you enjoy!

***

Last pee: 3am

I went back to sleep at 4am and woke up later than usual, 6am instead of 5am. I felt a very mild urge when I woke up. Got up, drank two big cups of coffee and finished off the water from my 64oz bottle, refilled it, made my lunch, and then went to get ready for the day. It was a bit challenging to not fully relax and release while in the shower since I was still a bit sleepy but I managed without losing a drop. I finished getting ready and got dressed in jeans, navy blue boxer briefs, a black work polo with a black sports bra underneath as a binder, and then headed out the door.

6:57 am - 5 out of 10 fullness

I drove to work, drinking water during the drive, went to my office to set my stuff down, then finished off my water bottle again. Filled it up again and am now sitting in my office, at about a 6 out of 10.

7:40 am

7 out of 10 urge. I'm squirming around a bit in my chair while I'm working, sipping on water still. I originally wanted to make it until 9am, but I'm starting to doubt I will. I just had a ticket come in, so I'm going to go take care of that now. I'll have to hide any urge since I'll be in front of people.

8:30 am

8 out of 10. Oh fuck do I need to piss. Managed to stay in control without squirming while assisting people, but now I'm back in my office squirming in my chair and crossing my legs. Sipping on water again. I might just make it till 9am after all. Oof maybe not. I keep getting hit with stronger waves of urgency. I've unbuckled my belt to give my bladder more room and started pacing a bit in my office. My bladder is so full that it's difficult to stand up straight.

8:35 am

Rushed to the bathroom because I almost started leaking. Snapped a pic of my bladder bulge. And then, finally, I peed. ☺️

***

Before peeing:

&&

After peeing:

&&

