Slept late... REALLY need to pee

Author: pamaclay

*000*2012-05-28 21:13

On any regular weekday morning, my alarm would have been bothering me several hours ago, but I remembered to turn it off for the holiday. I don't recall what time it was last night when I peed before crawling into bed with my laptop to catch up on some things and do a bit of browsing before falling asleep. So here I am, after 11am, just prying my eyes open, and the first thing I notice is that I've got my legs pressed together, and I must have been squirming for a while, because my blanket and sheets are in a chaotic disarray. Yeah, I need to pee, and it won't be a whole lot longer that I can just lie here enjoying the feeling. I'm full.

My laptop being within easy reach, I think that this is as good a time as any to share my morning with all of you here. I must be very relaxed, because I usually don't get to where I feel this much actual pressure in my bladder without already getting those fierce urges that shoot downward and threaten me. I can still focus on writing without being in danger, for now...

I've called my friend now and made sure she isn't going to be dropping by here too soon. I'm now clear to keep hanging on until something happens. I'm going to do this! Typing those words made my heart start pounding. I've never announced my intentions to anyone before. It feels different and somehow even more arousing. Though you can't see me, and I haven't posted this yet, I feel like I have an audience, and that is somehow electrifying. I'm eyeing the bottle of water on my nightstand and trying to decide whether to make things more interesting. Yep. Downed it. Purely psychological, I know. It will take some time for that to get into my system, but my brain likes to take cues, and believe me, it will use any excuse to start sending increasing desperation waves.

I'm wearing a light blue pair of cotton panties that fit me like a low-riding bikini. I've never wet these before. They are snug in a comfortable way. Ooh. There was a pretty heavy urge. This is going to be fun, I think. It's so comfortable here in my bed, I'm going to hate running away to keep from making a mess when the moment comes. I did the laundry last night, and there's a basket full of fresh towels staring at me from across the room, reassuringly saying "We can take care of you". First thought, they will easily mop up the puddle if I lose it in the uncarpeted part of my room. Better thought, with enough of them underneath me, and I can stay right here... a delightful thought, as it would be another first for me. I've never let myself go while lying in bed before. Now my pulse is really racing.

I got up to get the towels, and the full volume I was carrying was suddenly pressing downward. Wow. A big rush of heat swept toward the exit point, and I felt a little pin prick, like a drop had pushed its way out. Stood there frozen for a few seconds, regaining my composure. Not yet, you're not giving up, you stupid bladder... I spread out every towel I own over the middle of my bed, and hoped I wasn't making a big mistake. Probably ten of them or so. With every shift of my body, I could feel the weight of a long night's worth of pee hanging there, tenuously suspended by my weakening grip.

Back on my bed now, trying to get relaxed again. Having a tough time of it, and I can't keep my legs still while I'm trying to type. Breathing hard and trembling a little... My mattress is soft enough to accommodate the thickness of all the towels, and with a sheet on top of them, I can almost convince myself that I'm just half lying in bed like usual, with my back and head propped up enough to use my laptop. It's resting on me, pressing a bit, right where I don't need any more pushing, and it's getting warm... I'm forcing myself to breath slowly again and glancing regretfully at the empty water bottle there next to me. I'll browse the site for a few minutes and see if anyone has said anything interesting, or maybe I'll work on a reply to some thread I've been following...

Yeah, there are some intriguing things to read, but all of them have to do with peeing, and that's not helping me deal with this. It's bad now. Really bad. I can feel... oh... uh... first major warning twinge. it won't be long now.

Abandoning capitalization and grammatical decorum. i put my fingers down there and found a little damp spot in panties. not sure if pee or arousal. quivering. clamping legs like a vise. hard to type with hands trembling and laptop moving with squirming body.

Phone ringing. no. not now. no.

Closing my eyes for a minute to see ... twinge two with a squirt. closing eyes no help. just

Oh god

Shaking . and I think

Oh

No

Sorry I couldn't keep typing. I'm back now. Will try to describe. The phone threw me off. Totally lost my concentration and composure. Went in almost no time from dealing with it, albeit fretfully, to violent urges. Usually there's more time between a warning spurt or three, and then the quivering and twitching that hits me right as the final urge races down and takes the pee out with it. Not this time. One, two, and an unstoppable rush. I could feel my body releasing just like it would if I had made it to a toilet and let go with a giant sigh, only I was trying with everything I had in me to hold on. I mean, there is no more strength in my body that I didn't put to use in that fight. Maybe it was me trying to tell you about it, or the excitement. I don't know.

Anyway, if any of you girls ever try this towels-on-the-bed thing, don't have your knees up in the air trying to support a laptop when the damn breaks. At least not if you pee with a forceful stream. I totally neglected to plan for the possibility of something overshooting the towels. When my bladder gave way, there was an initial squirt that filled my panties and warmed me as I struggled in vain to stem the tide, but that was immediately followed by a jet that went straight through the fabric. I heard it hitting the floor, and realized in a flash what was happening. Not thinking, I just kept trying to stop (fruitlessly) as I tossed my computer aside with abandon. I should have just stretched out my legs right away and let the pee go mostly between them. I tend to wet mostly straight down, so the front and back of me get equally drenched, but I guess

AAAAAH! Someone is at my door! I'll have to continue this...

Stupid neighbor backed into my trash can and wanted to have a big conversation about it. What part of "it's ok, don't worry about it" did he not understand?

I wasn't done cleaning up when the doorbell rang. Scared that my friend had shown up early for some reason. Thoughts racing through my head as to how I would make sure she didn't go into my bedroom. Glad I didn't have to deal with that.

Anyway, so the towels on my bed were ultimately useful, but my floor took the brunt of the deluge. Only a few drops hit the throw rug or the end of my bed, so I was lucky. Next time, knees down. There will be a next time. This was too enjoyable to be a unique memory. I've got my towels and panties happily bouncing around in the washing machine, and all the other evidence erased. I'm ready for my friend to come over. Sorry I've taken so long to post this. It's not morning anymore. Hope some of you enjoy it.

Pam

*006*2012-05-29 08:25

{{ 

You are so expressive. I love how you can communicate what's going on physically and what's going on in your head – and how they affect each other. I know you compose slowly and carefully, but it reads like real time. You're a wonderful tour guide of your urges! One thing I would have enjoyed would have been little time cues, to get a better sense of the time passing. I'm glad there's going to be a next time.

}}

What's so strange to me is that I've kept this to myself for so many years, and yet it feels so natural now, just letting the words flow... I'll try to keep an eye on the clock when I do this kind of thing again. I had intended to do that here, but distracted myself with all the rest of the experience. I actually did write this in real time, but went back and fixed a few things after I was done, where the spur of the moment wording didn't make sense. In places where events, or the messages from my bladder, interrupted my typing, I left everything exactly as originally written, so you can see how it was affecting me.

Those two gibberish words are me aimlessly pounding the keys, something I often do instead of typing expletives, when my brain is short circuited by something, in this case, wicked bladder spasm and involuntary squirt. After all, I was biting my lip too hard to utter any four letter words at the moment. For the record, it was somewhere around noon when the phone rang, and well less than a minute later, I think, that I completely lost it, so about an hour from waking to gushing. I think I had managed to hold in a greater volume than usual, because the pressure when it broke loose was unbelievable.

{{ 

This was fabulous. More, please?! :)

}}

Thank you! Oh, you can be SURE that I will be doing this again. I'm already scheming to get some time to myself...

{{ 

I love how descriptive desperation can be, and you did an amazing job of it.

}}

There's nothing I like better than great description in other people's writing, so being praised for it myself is very encouraging. Thanks!

{{ 

Does anyone else notice that girls stories are always so good? I think I'm jealous

}}

(blushing) It's because they have girls in them, silly! We are designed to desperately wriggle and dance and entertain you. It's in our genes... or jeans, as the case may be...

{{ 

Wow you deserve a medal. OH MY GOD LIGHTBULB! Read all about it in General Discussion!

}}

If only I had known I could win a medal just for peeing myself! I've been training for years! Thanks, and I've checked out your idea. I'm in.

*009*2012-05-30 02:02

{{ 

All in all, still sounds like a fun morning.

}}

Writing about it and sharing it here made it much more exciting than my usual little adventures. Fun indeed!

*012*2012-05-31 03:11

{{ 

Such a hot story! Please do this again, sometime, and share it with us. :)

}}

I promise!

Currently plotting where and when and how...

