Secret Wetting: Around the Fire

Author: PrincelyDesire

*000*2020-12-08 06:10

Obligatory Description: nonbinary transmasculine, queer and femme; 5'1" and 120lbs, slim but with a bit of a belly; face full of piercings, shaved head; black skinny jeans, long wool black cardigan, and black+white constellation t-shirt; favorite features are my bubble butt, full lips, and eye.

June 2020 *Disclaimer: all persons featured will have been part of a shared household and practicing proper distancing and safety.

My upstairs neighbors and I were sitting around the fire and having some hot dogs. We had built the fire pit that week and were celebrating. I had been having a few beers as well, alongside staying well hydrated since it had been fairly hot during the day. I was enjoying myself and didn't want to interrupt the fun by going inside, so when I first felt the urges, I just ignored it - which was easy to do between the beer, weed, and laughs. I had drank about a liter of water at this point was on my second beer.

Eventually the sun started to set and it began to cool down, making me glad I had brought out my cardigan with me. Sitting in front of the fire, wrapped in my cardigan, and holding a cool beer, I began to feel the first pangs of desperation and tensed my legs, hoping that the tension didn't come through my voice. I was at maybe a 6 out of 10, not terribly bad so I knew I could hold it longer. Besides, I was also minding the fire and food stuffs, I was busy. It got a little darker and the mosquitos had started to come out, so one of my neighbors went inside - the other opting to stay out for a few more puffs. We continued to chat as I finished my fourth beer, which was filtering quickly into my bladder, along with another a liter of water.

It was twenty minutes after that it all hit my at once. I was suddenly very desperate - and I knew this because without warning, I felt a small leak slip out. I tensed my legs hard and pretended to be staring off at something while I concentrated on the sudden sea pressing on my pee hole. Shaking it off, I smiled and wished my other upstairs neighbor goodnight as she decided she was going to head in. We chit chatted and I assured her I would deal with the fire, no worries. All the while, I was trying my best not to squirm or act too tense as urges kept pressing down on me. I could feel myself also becoming aroused at realizing my predicament - I had never truly become desperate in front of or around others, let alone had an accident. I couldn't leave because someone had to watch the fire, and it would be a waste of a new log we had put on, so I would have to wait...this could be fun!

I watched the neighbor go inside, before allowing myself one quick grip of my crotch and a wiggle. I couldn't continue to squirm or physically hold myself though as the upstairs neighbors' windows for their kitchen overlooked the backyard. Thinking about it, I should have known I would be this extremely desperate - I had drank 4 beers and 2 liters of water in the span of two hours. And I couldn't remember when I had used the bathroom last before that. My bladder felt so heavy and full, the button of my tight pants pressing into it. I noticed I had also started to shiver slightly, whether it was from desperation, arousal, or cold I could not tell...probably all of the above honestly. Lost in my thoughts, I was startled by my roommate coming out onto the back deck and taking a seat - deciding to finally enjoy some of the fire. Jumping a little, I felt a tiny spurt escape, giving them a hello in return with my hands clenched in my sleeves.

Sitting on the plastic outdoor chair, tensing and holding off shivers, I began to realize I might be in a bit of danger. I didn't want to explode in front of my roommate, but I didn't want to interrupt them - and they're the type that can talk. I squirmed a little in my seat, pretending to just adjust myself. They decided they were going to roast a marshmallow and then head inside, I only needed to wait that long. Thinking this, I felt a spurt escape, and could feel it warm my crotch. I bit my lip and held back a moan. I was both so very desperate and so very aroused. There was so much pee in my and I knew my kidneys were in overdrive with the alcohol. It didn't help that I kept getting dry mouth and needed to keep taking sips of my water. It felt like my bladder was fuller than the large water bottle.

Suddenly a shudder hit me and I couldn't control it, a bigger leak forced it's way out and I knew my ass was not getting wet too. I thought about running inside for a moment but realized that even if my dark pants could hide my leaks, the plastic chair would show the obvious wetness on it. I would have to see this through, and I would have to hang on. Luckily with my thick cardigan, the darkening sky, and distance, my roommate could not see the state I was in. I was trying to sit still, sit as normal as possible - but it was getting harder and harder to do so. I kept kicking my legs a little, crossing and uncrossing them. I was able to camouflage though as a part of my "good spirits" of the night.

My roommate was talking to me, and I could begin to feel my control slipping. My pee hole was starting to sting from the effort, and what was once waves of urgency was becoming constant and ever building pressure - my bladder was screaming at me. Staring them in the eyes, my hands gripped each other in my sleeves as I felt a gush force itself out of me. I could feel the warmth of it soak my crotch, rise a little between my thighs...and I knew some of it had fallen to the ground below me through those slits that those cheap plastic outdoor chairs always have. In my head I was begging my roommate to please stop talking and go inside, because I knew I couldn't hold it much longer.

Slowly but surely, I began wetting myself. Small spurts at first, some longer, some a dribble - but it started to become continuous. I could feel the warmth of it begin soaking more of my crotch, spreading up my crotch and soaking my ass further. My thighs became wet as the a strong gush forced itself out. There was no way it wasn't pouring slowly through the bottom of chair. But I kept conversing with my roommate, realizing that they actually could not tell I was wetting myself. It was coming out the bottom, onto the dark ground, in the dark, where a fire in a deep pit could not cast its glow. I let myself relax a little, relishing the rush of the heat - in more ways than one. I stopped myself once I felt I was no longer desperate as I did not want to become too obvious.

Only moments after this, did my roommate declare they were going back inside. I both cursed and thanked them in that moment. After they had gone in, I checked that the coast was clear and stood up. Turning, I was surprised to see there was still a lake of pee trapped on the back of the chair, where the back end of it dipped. I sat back down and enjoyed the feeling, thinking of other ways I could do sneaky wettings, before finally cleaning up and taking care of some things.

