A Beach Secret

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-09-23 07:34

As a preface, I apologize for getting so carried away and making this ridiculously long! If you want to skip to the good action, start at paragraph 5. Everything before that is wetting/desperation, but relatively tame in comparison . Of all of my wetting/pee experiences over the years, I suspect this one may always be one of my favorites!! Given that I currently have some writing momentum and am excited about sharing on this site, I figured I'd keep it up and post this one One more disclaimer before you go on: I stick to the actual events, but any conversations/vivid descriptions I have in my stories may be a bit embellished/edited for clarity to help everything flow like a story instead of an essay!

Ever since I first recognized how much I enjoy pee, the beach has been one of my favorite places to play around. It's easy to hide because everyone's already wet, but it's public enough to give a thrill that's virtually unparalleled. A little over a year ago, I went to the beach for a couple of days with a bunch of my besties. We spent the entirety of the last day out on the water and, unbeknownst to the other girls, I spent it inconspicuously peeing any time I got the urge. Before departing from our hotel room, I discretely chugged obscene amounts of water, fully intending to have a little more fun than a simple day out at the beach. Easily under an hour after hitting the sand, I was already getting the urge to go. It was fairly early in the morning, so the weather was relatively mild (as mild as it gets in mid June, anyway). Few people had gotten into the water by then and I was the first of my friends.

When you've gotta go, well, you've gotta go, and I was not about to let myself get to the point of holding myself or dancing desperately in front of my friends. I cautiously stepped into the water, allowing it to steal away my breath as its chill nipped at my feet. As it reached up to my thighs and waist, it felt like icy jaws clenched around me. Waist-deep was enough. I was nearly shivering, so I wanted to avoid getting my torso wet this early on. I tried to relax and let it go, but this proved challenging as goosebumps appeared on my appendages and my friends yelled taunts of my cowardice for not plunging in deeper. Finally, after a few moments, the first spurts of warmth seeped out of my nether region like gentle hands tenderly prying away the teeth of the cold.

The contents of my bikini bottoms warmed rapidly, a flood of relief coming for both my bladder and my cold skin. It was much like that sensation when you're frigid, but step into a warm shower, even in the sense that it made me feel like I needed to pee...but I already was! I kept going, trying to mix the warm pee around my cold legs, disguising my attempts as difficulty wading against the waves. It was strange, feeling such urinary relief while being stared at by all of my friends (and talking to them), but I loved the thrill of it. Finally, the last few spurts drew the action to a close, and the warmth casually drifted away with the waves. I emerged from the water, playing it cool by saying that I was going to wait a bit longer for the day to warm up.

This general sequence repeated for the first couple of hours. Initially, I couldn't work up the courage to do it anywhere other than the water, terrified someone would take note of the abnormally large amount of "water" dripping from my bikini bottoms. While I loved the sensation, the rush of warmth to contrast the cool shroud of ocean, it grew rather bland after a few hours. As the day heated, and we all fully submerged into the water, I brought my boogie board out and would let out a burst of pee every time I rode the wave in. Maybe it was a bit immature, but I thought it was funny because it almost seemed like a rocket blast, propelling me back to land. Finally though, I was ready for more.

Throughout the day, I constantly refilled my water bottle. My kidneys had a real cleaning. This kept the urges to urinate frequent and voluminous. I internally laughed any time one of my friends expressed a need to pee and ran off to find a bathroom, likely back at the hotel. I noted some of the others went prolonged periods without verbalizing a need to relieve themselves, however, so I figured I couldn't be the only one enjoying the convenience of wetting, but tragically, I suspect I was the only one enjoying it this thoroughly. 

From peeing in the water, I evolved to peeing on the beach right after getting out. I figured enough water was dripping off of me and my urine was clear enough that nobody would catch on, and I was right. I could stand in plain sight of my friends, total strangers, men and women, peeing all over myself like a little girl and nobody had a clue. This, of course, urged me on further. By lunch time, my friends wanted to relax and tan (or catch cancer, as I affectionately refer to it).

They all stretched out their towels and lounged under the great ball of fusion and fission that illuminates our sky. I, however, was not going to pass up on a perfectly good opportunity to moisten the sand, so I laid directly on the beach, keeping my towel neatly folded by my water bottle. "Kaylee," my friends inquired, "Why aren't you lying on your towel? Doesn't the sand irritate your back?" I made up some excuse about how I didn't want to get my towel wet and covered in sand before I needed to dry off (technically true, but not at all in the way they thought). As we reclined there on the beach, talking, our swimsuits dried, with the exception of the crotch and butt of mine. As my bladder filled, I would nonchalantly empty it, enjoying the warm dampness almost as much as the naughtiness. I was already pushing the wetting far more than I ever had and I was feeling embarrassingly turned on.

The pinnacle, however, came as afternoon fell. I carried on my business much like the rest of the day, but eventually, I caught the attention of a fellow beach-goer. As I emerged from a small hole I had just dug and peed into, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I must've jumped with surprise, because the moderately-toned guy I turned to see briefly almost looked apologetic. "Hey," he said, "I can't help but notice..." at this point, my heart skipped a beat or five. No way. I had been busted. A burst of adrenaline shot through my abdomen and I felt my face heat up as I, no doubt, turned blood red. Caught up in the race of my own thoughts, I have no idea what he followed that statement up with. I just stared at him blankly until I saw him smile. That's a good sign, no doubt? I nervously smiled and let out an attempt at a laugh. "What's your name?" He asked.

"Uhm...Kaylee." I said, finally reorienting myself. He hadn't caught me – he was hitting on me! "Well, Kaylee," he said, "My friends and I are trying to get another player for volleyball. Wanna join in?" I like volleyball and he seemed decent enough. "Sure," I said, "But is it alright if my friends come?" He agreed, so I grabbed the other girls and we began playing. A few games in, however, and the urge to pee was back – and my swimsuit had dried. I hadn't considered my copious water consumption when I agreed to this. 

I dismissed it, figuring I could pee myself in a few, but, as I had previously intended, the urge came swiftly and in full force. Before long, I was dancing in place, trying to contain the urge. Thankfully, under this context, it looked like I was just really getting into the game – not about to wet myself in front of my friends and new acquaintances. Every time I leapt to hit the ball, my abdomen throbbed, until I could no longer focus. Finally, that game ended, a loss, likely due to my mind drowning in urine overflow from my bladder.

"I'm feeling pretty tired," I lied. Fatigue was the last word that could describe my state. I was busting at the seams and wanted nothing more than to throw myself onto the ground and spew out a torrent of pee. "I'm going to take a break for a bit." I began speed walking away, in no particular direction, trying to keep it low-key and desperately attempting to maintain my dignity. I couldn't say I had to use the restroom. As far as I knew, the closest one was back at the hotel and there's no way I'd make it, not to mention the embarrassing prospect of making a mad dash to a toilet in front of my new friends.

I mindlessly trudged back to the hole I'd "watered" before, though in hindsight, it would've been far smarter to go to the water. I gingerly lowered myself into it, avoiding excessively abrupt movement, afraid that I'd pop like a water balloon. Right as I was about to give into the demands of my bladder, I jumped at the sound of a voice behind me, "It's a beautiful night." The guy had followed me. Great. "Almost as beautiful as you."

"I couldn't care less, dude. I really have to pee!" I thought to myself, but I managed a half smile and an, "Aw, well, thanks." He sat down next to me. Crap. What now? He kept talking. I somehow managed to make coherent responses with my brain on autopilot as I frantically contemplated what to do. "Screw it," I thought, "I have no choice." It didn't matter. I was going to pee within the next few minutes, whether I intended to or not. I might as well make it on my own terms. If he had to watch a 22 year old woman pee herself like there's no tomorrow, so be it. At that moment, as if the angels had descended from the heavens and divinely orchestrated this escape, somebody from the volleyball game knocked the ball behind us and shouted for one of us to grab it. He leapt to his feet and ran to it.

"Now!" I thought, finally releasing my clenched muscles. Immediately, my swimsuit bottoms filled as pee hissed its passage out of my urethra. There was no stopping this train, and I could only pray that it could be quieted. Warm urine noisily overflowed around the edges of my suit, some of it soaking into the sand, some pooling on the surface, and much of it finding its way to my legs as I sat crisscrossed. I glanced back as sweet relief washed over me. He was throwing the ball back now. I had to think of something – fast – before he was able to sit back down. As he turned, ready to come join me again, I quickly shot out, "Would you be willing to turn the other way for a second?" He gave a puzzled look. From where he was, my back occluded his view on my lady region fervently pumping out fluid, and I guess he was just out of range to hear it. Blushing was easy – I was already doing it.

"You see, I got some sand into a personal area and it's irritating me," I claimed, still peeing at full-stream. He nodded understandingly and turned away. This bought me a brief moment. "Okay. Got it!" I exclaimed after allotting a few precious seconds of privacy. By now, I wasn't empty, but I could at least control it. As he turned and came back, I managed to ease up and continue quietly, most of the pee reaching my butt before soaking through my bottoms and into the sand below. I couldn't believe it. Here I sat, talking to some guy I'd just met, totally messing myself in my own pee right next to him, and he had no idea! The excitement was incredible!

This wondrous moment finally came to a spurting end, but I felt like I was burning at a thousand degrees, and my downstairs tingled beneath the swimsuit, gleaming with my pee. I dared not move, lest I arouse myself even further. We sat and talked until things calmed down for me. I hardly even recall what we talked about.

Finally, after quite some time, my friends came over and said they were heading back. I arose, feeling on top of the world. A faint wet patch still lingered where I sat in the sand, and my bottoms still damply clung to my vagina. I don't think the guy even noticed. Honestly, I think he was too fixated on what lies "upstairs" to note the fun he was missing below. This realization made me feel a little better when I turned down his request for my number. Regardless, my friends and I made our way back to the hotel and cleaned up. They all teased me about my "new boyfriend," totally oblivious to the fact that the spring in my step actually came from a day of wetting myself right under their noses.

