Shorts pissing at the beach (+pic)

Author: PoolBoy

*000*2021-09-18 18:10

I was at the beach today with a friend of mine. I don't get to see him a lot, but we know each other for a long time.

We were sitting on low beach chairs, right in front of the ocean. We didn't get in the water or got wet. Both of us were dry, just chilling and drinking.

The sun started to set and I started to feel I have to pee. Real bad.

So while we are talking I just said "Man, I gotta take a piss", and he said "Go in the water", so I said "I think it's too cold to go in right now", and than he said "So piss your pants".

That's when my heart started to pound 😆

I said "come again", and he said "Just piss your pants man!"

I did not see that coming... We continued to talk, and he said that since we're at the beach it doesn't really matter so I should just piss my pants and get it over with - so I did it.

I pissed my shorts and that's it. My friend looked like he doesn't care about it all. He didn't mention it or said anything about it either.

When we were about to leave I said something like "Maybe I should wash my shorts?", and my friend said "Why? Who gives a fuck!" and switched the subject.

He kept on acting like it was a normal thing to do and I was very surprised.

I wonder if he pissed his shorts too while we were at the beach.

I'll get to see him again next week, so I'll try to convince him to visit the beach again 🙂

&&

*004*2021-09-19 15:52

{{19 hours ago, Wetsy said:

Great pic..Shoulda said,"I will if you will", and seen if he did..Then you both could've pissed your pants together.. Sounds like he's into it

}}

That's a nice comeback, too bad I haven't thought of it :)

{{19 hours ago, ssjammerz said:

Nice! But there's also a good chance your friend isn't into it, as you mentioned in your response of him changing the subject quickly. Rather, he could've just been in a "when in Rome" moment, where wetting yourself at the beach is normal.

He could be fishing for a response too, but I would probably just invite him to the beach again and not bring up the topic unless he does. Then, it'll be a safer bet that he's into it. Otherwise, you might create an awkward situation. Sadly, I speak from experience and to this day, I don't talk to one of my friends anymore. Oh wells.

Anyway, best of luck!

}}

I think he's not into it. He didn't show any sign of interest in my wet shorts (how it looks like, the puddle under the chair etc.)

I'm gonna take your advice and see how it'll go. We've made plans to meet again on Wednesday at the beach :)

+ I'm really intrigued about your story with your friend, the one you don't talk to anymore. If you don't mind sharing it of course.

