Wet in front of my best friend and he didnt even notice

Author: pianoboo

*000*2016-07-24 20:38

Okay, to start- my best friend is a guy. No, I have zero romantic interest in him, nor does he in me. He has been in a committed relationship for a while, unfortunately his girlfriend is at home in California for the summer, while we live in Missouri.

So, the two of us were hanging out, playing some Pokémon Go and swimming at my house. I live in the woods, and there are only two or three other houses near mine. We were in the pool, and all of a sudden, my phone (which I had opened to the app) started to vibrate, indicating that there was a pokemon nearby. At this point in time, I really really had to pee. I was about a 9 on a scale of 1-10. I should have used the restroom before the two of us went out stomping through the woods, but hey... hindsight is 20/20.

Anyways, he and I grabbed our phones and headed off into the woods, looking for the bulbasaur that was nearby. It was fairly dark out, so whenever he wasn't looking, I was having to hold myself to avoid leaking. I couldn't stand still, and I was constantly crossing and uncrossing my legs as we walked. After about ten minutes of walking around, we found the bulbasaur. As we both launched Pokeballs at it, I could feel urine spurting out of me occasionally, running down my still-damp legs. We both caught the bulbasaur, and we started walking back to my house, but the damn was already broken.

For the next two or three minutes, pee flowed down my legs slowly as a tried in vain to stop it. But it didn't stop until my bladder was completely empty. Fortunately, the sound of leaves crunching under our feet and the two of us chatting about our various Pokémon was enough to cover it up, and it went unnoticed. It was one of my most thrilling wettings to date.

*002*2016-07-24 21:13

@Wetbriefs

It was amazing! If you every get the chance, it's not like any other omo thing you have ever experienced.

*008*2016-07-26 20:57

{{On 7/24/2016 at 9:48 PM, Royals1 said:

Just out of curiosity, what part of Missouri you from? I'm in sw mo. It's hot!!

}}

I live in the north of Missouri I guess. Near STL

*010*2016-07-27 19:16

{{3 hours ago, wettingman said:

I really enjoyed your story. I certainly would have noticed,because I would have been watching since you were showing signs of desperation. but if he didn't see that I can understand him not detecting you peeing slowly in a dark woods.

I am curious though, what were you wearing that he didn't notice it being wet?

}}

We were both wearing we swimming suits (well, he was wearing trunks haha) because we had just been in the swimming pool

