Shy girlfriend and her urgent need

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2021-07-02 11:29

Hi all

After a period away I'm glad to say I'm back to share this true experience of seeing my ex girlfriend truly bursting for a wee and nowhere to go

This story happened a couple of months after another experience, which I've already written up (see below). Then, Victoria after being denied an opportunity to use the bathroom multiple times admitted only just making it to the toilet in time- after a long walk and becoming bursting for a wee half way round

For context, Victoria was extremely pee shy. Apart from that one walk where she admitted being desperate to me, Victoria never said that she needed the loo. She had also never squatted and gone outside in her life.

$iframe data-embed-src="$/66746-long-walk-with-shy-girlfriend/?do=embed"

This story began with Victoria and I in town for coffee. She had had a large latte and some water with her breakfast. Wearing a flowery dress, Victoria's black curly hair hitting her shoulders. Eventually it was time to go, we had somewhere to be back near her house and it was only a short (15 minute) taxi ride home. Before we left Victoria said she would just nip to the loo - a wise choice I guess after the significant intake of fluids. However there was a long queue for the single cubicle in the coffee shop - at least four people patiently waiting to get over a toilet.

I could see the cogs turning in Victoria's head. Truthfully I think she wanted to use the ladies, she had started being extra cautious ever since her bursting walk experience. However, as I said, we had somewhere to be and the taxi ride wasn't long - we should be home in 15 mins max. Victoria turned to me "ah it's fine - I don't really need to go to be honest, was just being cautious - let's grab a taxi". We left the cafe and I knew that from what Victoria had just said that there wouldn't be an issue - it sounded like she barely needed a wee.

It was just a five minute walk to the taxi rank. Victoria and I approached hand in hand. Then I saw in the distance a long queue, 10 or so families were sat waiting for a taxi. My heart fluttered with excitement. I wondered what Victoria thought - she seemed calm though. "Ah this is annoying"- I wonder what has happened". We had never queued for a taxi before. One of the families in front of us informed us that there was a unexpected road closure and that the taxi inflow had been slown down massively.

Victoria and I were stood in that queue for maybe 15 minutes and had only moved forward 3 spots. Progress was so slow and out of the corner of my eye I had noticed Victoria's long legs cross. Was she starting to need a wee more urgently I wondered? At current progress, and with at least 7 families in front of us, it would be at least 45 minutes until Victoria could get to a bathroom.

30 minutes into the queue and Victoria was stood with her legs apart but her knee buckled. She occasionally walked round in little circles, seemingly struggling to stay still and getting aggitated. I told her that she had better tell our friends we were not going to make their lunch event, and Victoria sighed "yeah I'll tell them, that's the least of my worries right now". I asked what was up - "oh it's nothing - I just want to get home". Victoria's voice was nervous and her statement did not sound particularly convincing.

We were in that queue for nearly an hour - Victoria had left that cafe expecting to be over a toilet within 15 minutes but here we were next in line for the taxi. A little earlier I had noticed from behind Victoria's shoulder her open Google Maps and nervously search for public toilets - presumably trying to hide her need from me. I knew the nearest was 20 minutes away, the other side of town. Victoria noticeably shuddered and proceeded to momentarily rock on the spot. Her need was now not particularly subtle - but the taxi ride was only 15 minutes and I was still sure she would make it in time. We were next in line after all and she still hadn't even admitted her need to me.

Victoria and I got into the taxi, she sat opposite me facing the direction of travel. As soon as we got on, she sat down and lent forward, crossed her legs, and let out a big sigh.

"This is like that walk all over again - I'm seriously regretting not going for a wee when I had a chance"

Victoria had anxiety etched all over her face. Now not in the view of strangers in the queue, she was bouncing her leg like crazy.

I was slightly taken aback and asked Victoria if she was desperate

"Yes. Absolutely. I needed to go worse than I admitted in the cafe but thought I could wait till home so I didn't hold us up. I'm seriously seriously bursting, this is so embarrassing"

Victoria uncrossed and recrossed her legs

..................

The taxi ride back to hers was a tense affair. Victoria was quiet. She spent most of the journey looking forward at the traffic - as if willing the taxi to go faster. The journey went smoothly but Victoria just couldn't stay still during the last 5 minutes. Her legs double crossed and bouncing non-stop. Finally we pulled into her road and Victoria had already undone her seat belt and was perched on the edge of her seat.

"Are you okay to pay? I'm just going to rush to the bathroom"

Before I had said anything Victoria had bolted out of the taxi, making a beeline for the front door.

I paid the taxi driver and went to join Victoria at the front door. She had an exasperated look on her face.

"The keys, the keys. I can't find the keys"

I didn't know what to say. I couldn't believe I was experiencing Victoria gasping to use the loo for the second time in as many months. For context she lived on an estate outside of town - there was nothing nearby - no coffee shops or supermarkets in which Victoria could run and have her much needed pee.

...........

Stood on the driveway, Victoria told me she was struggling to hold on. Her eyes were wide and body shaking. She said she was more desperate than ever and was seriously on the verge of wetting herself.

"I think the coffee and water is still making its way into my bladder because my need is still somehow getting even worse" she sighed.

All composure had evaporated from the 20 year old - who was on the phone to her flatmate.

"Please come as quickly as possible"

Victoria said they should be round in 20 minutes. I honestly can't wait anywhere close that long. Tears of frustration sprung in Victoria's eyes.

"I have no idea what to do"

Victoria leaned back on the wall of her house. Her eyes were closed and her body crumpled in discomfort. I heard her gasp and check her legs - was Victoria leaking and worried about her pent up wee escaping?

"I'm going to check whether the back window or gate is by some miracle open - I just have to get to a toilet so so so urgently"

Victoria has made her way down the alley of her house immediately and I waited about 20 seconds before following her - as I reached the back of the alley which was widely overlooked by multiple neighbours I found Victoria squat close to the floor and gasp with relief.

I could not believe the strength of the stream leaving Victorias' neatly shaved pussy. It was loud and hissing. Her much needed wee splashed noisily against the paving slab and was extremely forceful - splashing everywhere.

Victoria was mortified - and spoke to me whilst clearly upset at the same time she was emptying her exhausted bladder

"I'm so sorry - it was coming out - I was genuinely wetting myself - ive been so desperate since we joined the queue and I simply couldn't hold on for a second later"

I explained that she didn't have to justify herself, that I understood. Victoria's bladder took an age to empty in front of me, and I couldn't believe my eyes as I watched this 20 year old squat for the first time in her life in front of me. Victoria's urgent need had proven to much to handle

.......

Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed. Feel free to posts any comments/questions below.

*003*2021-07-04 13:55

There was one more major time Victoria became really desperate and ended up holding on for longer than ever and in front of more people - I can write it if people would want to hear?

*006*2021-07-05 10:25

Thanks for feedback - if anyone wants more detail or to know anything that was left out of story my inbox is open

I shall write up other Victoria experience soon

