A wetting I witnessed

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-11-22 13:00

Hey guys, just completed my first hold ever! So I thought I'd share an experience I witnessed tonight that almost made me lose control (but also excited me a little)

I was going out to a club where one of my favourite local bands were playing, my friends and I were drinking, dancing and having a good time (all the drinking definitely led to a few leaks on my part but my panties dried fairly quickly)

My friends needed to use the bathroom and so I went with them, with no intention of using the toilet, as tonight my toilet was my panties... Anyway, there was two stalls in the bathroom and my friends each took one in order to do their Business. Just as they locked the doors a girl came bursting through the door looking absolutely desperate, it was clear she was very drunk so I felt a bit bad for her but she was still able to walk and talk so she wasn't overly intoxicated. She clearly needed the toilet very badly as she was whining and grabbing at her crotch which was covered by a very short, silk leopard print dress.

She asked the girls to hurry but in their drunken state they were struggling to move quickly, she watched me as I stood, when finally she gasped and pee started trickling down her legs. She didn't want to get her shoes or dress wet so she just squared down and started peeing over the bathroom floor, it was a very strong stream that lasted at least a minute and a half, it was clear she was desperate.

She apologized to me throughout her accident as well as after as she was so humiliated, but I told her it was okay and that it happens to the best of us. Eventually my friends came out of the stall and she went to clean up.

Thought I'd share, hope you enjoyed!! It definitely made me feel a little bad for being excited by it, but seeing her have an accident almost made me want to squat down next to her and have an accident of my own, but I stayed in control (with VERY wet panties)

*007*2019-11-23 01:40

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

Nice story. Since you mentioned it, how did your hold go ?

}}

It went okay, I peed at around 12am, and slept in my damp undies, I'm posting pics soon!!

{{7 hours ago, spike said:

Very nice! can you tell us more about how she was looking physically and if her dress got wet?

}}

Her dress did get a little wet but nothing too noticeable, since it was silk the wet parts clung to her bum a bit more then usual

*008*2019-11-23 01:54

{{3 minutes ago, Mariner62 said:

Thanks for sharing this story. Looking forward to the pics.

}}

Posted them! Under the title 'my morning pee after a long night of drinking'

