She didn't mind me being into Omo but...

Author: PeeJayTee

*000*2024-03-22 17:02

Hi all! I vowed to start participating here as opposed to always lurking with intent. I will begin by sharing all of my true accounts as I can starting with my last short term relationship.

Nancy and I had known each other since High School and we hooked up thorough Facebook starting as mutual friends and then beginning to date after we saw each other after years at a party she had. Since Nancy knew me since I was basically a kid I was able to tell her about my Omo interests telling her that it developed by me being a bedwetter through puberty and it was tough dating in high school because of it. She was very sympathetic and actually felt bad for me but I told her that I am perfectly fine and own my kink which I am happy with. Well, the first night we slept together I soaked the bed and she did not care at all.

It was awesome!! I wet every single time she slept over so I started wearing diapers which she actually suggested so I could be comfortable which I did. I already had some Northshore's. I told her that I love to keep my wet diaper on and continue wetting it after I wake up and we have coffee. She never batted an eye. Everything was cool as far as my kink but here was the problem guys....she had a very shitty sex drive. Pretty close to nothing and because of it I got totally bored in the relationship. Trust me it wasn't because of my wetting as a good friend of mine went out with her in high school and said she was exactly the same then.

Because of this I totally lost my attraction to her and broke it off after about 4 months which really bummed her out. I just told her I wasn't ready for a relationship as my life had changed due to me getting laid off after 24 years and just starting a new job. I didn't want to hurt her feelings telling her I was bored sexually. I can enjoy sex without Omo being involved so that's not a problem at all but eventually I need it as it's like a natural Viagra equivalent. Wetting is just so damn hot!! She didn't even masturbate on her own and that to me is a huge red flag. Too bad huh? We still keep in touch now and then and I have thought about reconnecting but I kinda think it would only be because she accepts my kink and that is not a good reason to be with someone.

*002*2024-03-23 00:30

{{6 hours ago, wettingman said:

Since she was okay with you pee kink did you ever think of incorporating it into your sex ? My ex-wife was good in bed at first, but sometimes I wanted that little extra. She was very accommodating. And if she didn't want sex she would talk about the many times she held her pee, sometimes too long . It always got me off. She still did this after our kids were born, our relationship deteriorated along with the intercourse.

Years after our divorce I dated a woman that frankly didn't satisfy me sexually. I would get her off after awhile, but I still had not cum. My mind went elsewhere to my ex's pee stories . I kept thrusting as I dreamed, and I came just as expected. She sometimes wondered why I got quiet, but never suspected what truly got me off. I did moan as I reached a climax, that was real.

}}

Yeah we did incorporate it. I got her to both wear and wet a diaper and also pee her jeans but it did nothing for me because she was just very boring. No mental stimulation for me at all. No passion, you know? I mean at least be into something like painting or whatever.

