A desperate drive home

Author: PNW_bruh1994

*000*2025-01-31 20:05

After the Christmas holiday, I was given the opportunity to indulge my pee kink. My wife was spending some additional time with her family, taking an additional day to drive out to the coast and leaving me and the dog to head back south towards home. The drive was typically 1.5 hours, so I had planned to fill up on coffee and water and hold for as long as I could.

The next morning, I had my usual morning pee and got ready for the day. My father-in-law was preparing us breakfast, an he offered me a glass of grape juice, which I obliged. Not being one for small portions, he filled the mason jar turned glass. It must’ve been close to a half a liter of juice. No complaints from me. If I really had to go, I could pop in to the bathroom before we left.

Shortly after breakfast, my wife and I load up the car and head towards our first stop, a drugstore for some supplies for the trip to the coast. I was hopeful for some coffee, but settled for a drink to have for my drive back home - a bottle of yellow VitaminWater. Coffee was still on my mind, but we were under a bit of a time crunch. We left to meet up with the group of my wife’s family that were going to the coast. We said our goodbyes, and shortly thereafter I headed back towards home.

With it being mere days after Christmas, the highways were busier than usual. That was to be expected. As I drank my VitaminWater, I passed by one of the three rest areas on my way. I barely felt any urge - maybe a 2/10 - so the dog and I continued south. It looked very busy as well, probably due to all the people traveling.

Ten minutes later, traffic started to pick up. My 1.5 hour trip is starting to get longer. Still feeling rather empty, I begin to think up a plan.

A short ways away is a truck stop that I’ve often stopped at on these drives. Feeling a bit hungry, I figured I could grab a snack and some more drinks for the rest of the trip. As I walked through the drink aisle, i grabbed a 1 liter bottle of water. Right next to the water was the energy drinks. It had been quite some time since I had one (they were the drink of choice in college), but I was feeling a bit tired and still had some miles to go. I picked out my favorite, a Java Monster, paid for my items, and hit the road again.

If you’ve never had a Java Monster before, it’s essentially an iced coffee with extra caffeine and other energy boosting ingredients. Within maybe 10 minutes, I down the energy drink and wash it down with some water. My goal for the rest of the drive was to finish my water, so I took sips here and there.

After drinking the energy drink, I could feel myself starting to fill up. Jump starting my kidneys was ultimately the goal. Within about 20 minutes, I felt the urges increasing, now at a 4/10. I pass the second rest area and take another swig of water. I resolve to make it home, and continue my drive.

30 minutes later, the energy drink is doing its job. That along with the fact that I’ve drank through 2/3 of the water bottle has increased my need to pee - I was at a 7/10 at this point. Being only 15 minutes from home, I was feeling confident that I could make it.

15 minutes later, I’m pulling into the garage at my apartment complex. Unloading the car is going to take a bit - I need to take the dog out and get him situated upstairs, and then I also needed to get my bag and all the gifts out of the car. No small feat when you’re full of pee. I decide to take the dog out first. We walk around the complex, and as he decides to pee on his first bush, I begin to squirm from my own need to pee. I had taken the last drink of water from that 1 liter bottle. Every step I took, I could feel my swollen bladder. I plead with the dog to hurry up and finish his rounds. Once he was satisfied, I took him upstairs.

On a normal day, I don’t usually experience latch key desperation, but this was no ordinary day, I unlock the door, let myself and the dog in, and get him situated. I’m needing to clench down on my muscles now to keep back the torrent of pee. As I hang up the dog leash and harness, I’m bouncing from leg to leg. I was at an 8.5/10. The bathroom was right there, all I had to do was walk down the hall real quick. The stuff in the car could wait, right?

Not in my mind, it couldn’t. I denied myself the opportunity to release my now aching bladder and headed back downstairs. In the elevator, I cross my legs and give my cock a little squeeze, the lack of movement not helping my ability to hold. Frantically, I pull the wagon out of our storage and load all the items out of the trunk. My sphincter muscles are holding with all their might. I could feel a drop or two come out. It’s the beginning of the end. I can’t have an accident in the garage, I think to myself. It’s far too public of a place.

As I head back to the elevator, I’m at a solid 9/10. I’m frantically squirming and crossing my legs. I’m almost there, just need to get back to the apartment. I speed walk out the elevator, down the hall, and into the apartment.

I had decided that for the release, I would let go in a pair of white Under Armour boxer briefs, which I of course did not have on. I dropped my pants and underwear I had on and noticed how I had leaked a few drops). I started to feel my muscles around my bladder start to spasm.

I couldn’t spend too long thinking about that though as I was getting very close to losing control in the bedroom. Not wanting to piss all over the carpet, I put on the underwear, started physically holding myself, and headed towards the bathroom. Walking into the bathroom and seeing the toilet right there meant game over for me. I didn’t even make it to the toilet before I started to leak uncontrollably. Not wanting to make a mess, I jumped into the shower and released my bladder. I peed for what felt like forever, my knees weak from the feeling of relief.

The damage had been done; the white boxer briefs were clearly wet, a slight yellow tint, and smelled faintly of pee. I thought I was done, but I felt a bit more pressure remaining in my bladder. Maybe it was just overfull and stretched out too much. I peed some more, adjusting my penis to allow my pee to spread to other dry spots.

This was all very exciting for me. I was so turned on after this complete loss of control that I masturbated in the same wet, smelly underwear and basked in the afterglow of my excitement. Even writing this weeks later I can feel myself getting hard thinking about the rush I got from the experience.

Here are some pics from right after I pissed myself:

&&

&&

