The last bedwetting I remember

Author: Polianova

*000*2021-01-19 16:21

So, I've never been known to be a wetter in my family, even when I try to ask my mother about my early accidents, she doesn't remember much because I was potty trained at a very young age. I don't even remember wetting myself per se.

But I remember my last bedwetting very well because it happened when I was around 12 yo.

I don't think I drank any more than usual. At that moment I slept in a bunk bed, on the top bed of course since I was older than my little sister, who slept on the bottom bed. I just remember being pretty tired that particular day, though I can't remember why.

I fell asleep super fast and had some very weird dream : I was hanging out with friends, there was a concert in front of our school, and there were many people. I needed to pee but I didn't want to loose sight of my friends in the crowd so I just decided I would hold it... which became more and more difficult. I was holding my crotch as discreetly as I could but my friends would always notice it. At some point I was so desperate I started to hump the metal barriers we were sitting on with everyone to see the stage. It felt good and relieved some of the pressure (analysing it back now I think I was humping in my bed too while sleeping) One of my friend (the cooler of us at that time), said something like "Stop that, it's so weird !"

So I stopped but the need was too much for me and I was terrified by the simple idea I would wet in front of my "cool" friend.

So I just ran through the crowd to the toilets, and when I entered in it, I realized there were windows on every walls ! I just did a pee-dance for a moment and felt I was leaking, so I just took off my jeans and my panties to sit on the toilet in front of everyone.

I woke up with a very pressing need to go ! I got out of bed, my mind still oddly foggy for some reason. I sat on the toilet, a bit weirded out by the fact it wasn't as cold as I anticipated, and as I was letting go in a relieved sigh, I felt like all the pee was gathering around my crotch and butt. I looked down to check if I had taken my panties off and..

I woke up again, hardly aware of anything but felt a dribble coming quietly out my pee hole,and slowly wetting my pajama shorts.

Panicked, I immediately tried to stop the flow with my hand but I was still peeing ! I couldn't stop it ! I got out of bed using the ladder and I still remember the pee dribbling on my bare legs. I kept leaving a trail of pee behind me all the way to the toilet, and sat immediately without even thinking of taking my pants off.

The dribble I couldn't stop seconds before became a rushing stream and more pee warmed my booty. I was relieved and couldn't help but think it felt very nice actually.

I remembered having a genuine interest in pee accidents as a child as I took my panties and my pajamas off, putting them directly in the laudry. I took some toilet paper to clean the cute little mess I made all the way ahah... and went back to my bed. The sheets where wet, but I was too ashamed to tell my mom, so I just put one of my two blankets beneath me and fell asleep again.

The next day, my sheets were almost dry and didn't smell at all, so I just let it that way 🙈

For what I know, no one ever found out about this accident. Once when talking to very close friends I realizes they too had a bedwetting accident in their teen years. I wonder if it happens a lot...

