Uh-oh! Mr Perfect Control has lost his touch!

Author: Piddly

*000*2019-07-08 22:31

Oh dear! I posted my first thread on here after being a very long time lurker only a few weeks back, describing my first ever accident as an adult, and in work no less.

It wasn't a great experience, but as a one off I lived, and I've been able to enjoy a bit of desperation and deliberate wetting play once the feelings of shame had passed. Even having a go at a bit of fiction on here, which is great fun.

Tonight, however, driving home my bladder decided to betray me again. No genuine accidents for something ridiculous like 19 years, and then 2 in the space of a month.

This time I was holding deliberately, not because I had to in work, but because I was looking forward to giving myself a good old soaking in the privacy of my home. Alas my body had other ideas, and probably a mile or so away away from home I started to leak.

I wasn't too upset by this, as there was only me in the car, and nobody was going to be home to see me if I arrived a bit damp, so no real harm done. I figured a few leaks, and then finish off once I was out of the car. Again, the bladder didn't want to play by my rules.

In the time it took me to drive that last mile, I no longer needed to pee at all. I do, however, need to clean my car seat! And had a very sheepish, back to the wall, dash up the stairs to my flat door.

This time, despite being a real accident and still quite public, I was able to fully enjoy the experience. No sense of shame, no tears. Yes quite a bit of shock, and I'm clearly going to have to be more careful in the future, but all in all it was exhilarating and felt really naughty.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

