Fear Wetting At Haunted House

Author: PantsWetter

*000*2018-03-14 13:47

This story happened to me when I was younger, around 14 years old. This was around the time where I started crossdressing. I was and still continue to get scared very easily. If I see a spider I usually start screaming and run away. At this time, most of my friends were girls. During October we were having 2 snow days off from school and they thought it would be a great idea to go to a haunted house. They asked me if I wanted to go and right when I heard the word "haunted house" I said that there was no way I'm going. I even told them I would probably pee my pants if I went. After 15 minutes of persuading I eventually gave into the peer pressure and said I would go.

When they came to pick me up the next day I was already shaking. I was wearing dark blue American Eagle Girls Super Skinny Jeans. I got in my friends moms car and we drove to the haunted house. When we got there I told them I don't want to go but they ignored me. We waited on line for about an hour and we were starting to hear the screams form inside. I tried to get off the line but they wouldn't let me because we have waited for too long and we couldn't turn back now. It was finally our turn and we went in.

At first we walked into a room that seemed pretty normal until you noticed the man with a machete in the corner. He didn't do anything but we were still screaming in fear. We went through a couple more rooms and it was exactly what you would expect. There was someone who would come out of nowhere and jump scare us and we would all scream. We started to get to the end of the haunted house. The is one thing that I am afraid of more than anything else. Clowns. We went into a room expecting another jump scare but there wasn't. Only a door at the end of the room. We walked towards it but it wouldn't open. When we turned around it was the scariest thing I've ever seen. Two huge clowns with chainsaws started walking towards us. In that moment I just started peeing. We were all too focused on the clowns that we didn't notice. Then when the clowns got closer the door just opened and we ran out.

When we got out I found out that I wasn't the only one to have an accident that day. One of my best friends also peed her pants. Instead of being embarrassed we just started laughing. Her mom wasn't that happy when she found out that we wet ourselves but she didn't care too much.

Even though I peed my pants I was still happy I went. My friend and I are still good friends to this day and we sometimes think back on that story and laugh about it.

*002*2018-03-14 20:12

{{40 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Great story!

}}

Thanks!

