Friendship is warmth

Author: Powerplay

*000*2018-06-02 19:05

There's never really a right place to write this since I've kept this fetish mostly to myself. Only a few close friends have I actually told about this.

This came as an unusual encounter with my friend Cyn, short for Cynthia, whom i hang out with roughly once a month. We have kept in contact since college and we form a small clique that meets every month for a catch up session. Now Cyn has been my college's sweetheart eye candy type, she wasn't that much of a hottie as much as people like to imagine online. She's pretty in a more elegant type of way is how I'll put it. Dark brown long hair at shoulder length, watery eyes and a sunshine smile. I'd fall for her but I was more concerned with my friendship with her and the dynamics of the clique. In an Asian society like Singapore, people are not receptive to being open about such things too.

Anyhow, it was a Friday in mid-December and we had scheduled for a clique meeting that evening. Since Cyn and I lived a couple of stops away, we had decided to take a bus together to the restaurant destination, which was pretty damn far, at least an hour's journey if traffic went smoothly.

I wasn't expecting much that day and before long it was already 6pm. It had started pouring and the weather was getting cold as I recall. She had reached the bus station before I did since she was early so I hurried my steps as I looked around for her. Amidst the crowd, I saw her. To say I met a goddess was an understatement. She was beautiful, clearly she had put it some effort into dressing up, but it was more than enough to make my mouth drop wide open. (Okay slight exaggeration, but I did find her very very attractive) She wore a matching dark blue top and a rather tight skirt, fitting into the many office ladies around the area which were heading home from work. That was my first heart pumping moment that evening. Little did I know...

We then boarded the bus without incident and we took a back seat for the 2 of us. I had took the liberty of opening the conversation to catch up with her and turns out she had so much to share about her new workplace and experiences. I didn't (and had no reason to) take notice of any particular movements she did during the ride, like any signs of desperation or squirming or sitting cross legged or anything at all in fact. Surprisingly, mid ride along the expressway (highway) she told me quietly to put my head closer to her so she could tell me something. She whispered "I think I just pee-peed"

The dumber inside of me went like, "uhh what?" though my heart started to race as I presumably understood what she meant. I could feel myself getting hornier as I awaited her follow up reply. I imagined the leakage of a stream of piss under her skirt down her legs.

She leant closer this time "I peed myself" I could tell she was embarrassed by it and her eyes started to well up a little as far as I could tell.

A little background check: I did tell her about my fetish before (casually) but she clearly wasn't interested in it, she would never have done this intentionally knowing that I had such a fetish.

At this point I couldn't hide my boner coming out of my shorts. I promptly covered it up with my bag as I put my hands on her shoulder and I patted her while asking her as casually as possible, "how bad is it?"

She didn't respond, only shaking her head in an expression that could be easily misread as agony or embarrassment. Or Both really.

This is when I was fully hard under my briefs. I could not contain the excitement inside of me and I was getting a little 'hot' inside. Acting as a man in this situation, I calmly told her not to worry as I checked (to my disappointment) that there is no leakage under the seat so nobody on the bus will find out. I had a spare jacket to spare so she could tie around the waist before leaving the bus. But the hormones inside of me was raging too strongly, and I took the riskiest gamble of my life thus far. I put my right hand on her lap and I calmly told her to "let me check" the damages. I slid my hand up her thigh up into the hem of the skirt.

My heart raced in anticipation as the insides of her thigh were warmer, and upon the first touch of wetness I stopped. She didn't look me in the eye the whole time then but she didn't tell me to stop there either. I took it as an acknowledge to be able to carry on as I slid my fingers deeper onto the area between the thighs and the panty. It was warm and throughly soaked. I then put my finger onto her very warmly soaked panty. I could feel my cum rising as my finger ran and stroked through her soaked panty up and down. I commented to her naughtily, "oh that's actually pretty bad", as if to answer the question I asked earlier.

On cue, like I had said something wrong, she suddenly grabbed my hand that was halfway up her skirt. She told me worriedly "don't... It's dirty." I put her hand aside and whispered "I don't mind.. Remember?" and winked. Hopefully she remembers that this was literally in fact, my very specific fetish. For a moment she sat there with wide eyes, stunned. But she did let me take her hand away as I continued moving my finger around a really damp spot which I could guess to be her clitoris after pushing and poking into the spot. She frowned but I smiled as I continued rubbing the spot. I was on the verge of cumming real good and I whispered to her, "you're actually so wet cyn I am really.... uh.. aroused?" Perhaps I didn't say it clearly but she did not respond to that. She just let me continue...

I wasn't exaggerating that the piece of undergarment once dry was now soaked to the extent that there could probably be pee squeezed out if i had pinched the damp garment at any damp point. To reach that stage of wetness, she must have spurted into her panties many many times. Many times during the conversation she had been secretly spurting some pee accidently into her panties under her dark skirt thinking that she can manage holding it. And at one point of time she must have lost control of one spurt that let out more pee than expected. I could tell she wanted to cry by now so before I did anything else I took my hand out, licked it and hugged her tight. Assuring her it was alright that at 22, accidents can happen as well.

I told her sincerely that, "since an accident already happened, I'll make it fun for ya.." and she seemed to be confused at first. But that confused expression disappeared the moment I slid forcefully my hand under her skirt onto her soiled panties once more. I didn't know what's the limit of how far she was willing to accept with me doing it as a friend whom no permission had been asked thus far, I don't want to intrude her or molest her in some sense.

So this time, I further tested the waters by using my index finger to pull her panty aside. She was clearly taken aback but again, she didn't stop me or reject my advances. My finger felt it, the soft silky opening of her vagina lip. It was thoroughly soaked with pee and another warm gush of pee came out just as my fingers felt it. She blushed as I looked up. Now fully aroused and excited, I didn't think further and I thrust 2 fingers up and moved around her clit in a circular motion around the opening as I slowly reached deeper for her hole as slowly as possible to enjoy the process.

She softly whispered that she is afraid others on the bus will find out. All I responded was to shake my head and smiled at her reassuringly. I could hear her breathing getting heavier as she stared into blank space, I could tell this was a very new experience for her as she slowly bit her lip as I moved my fingers in and out of her clit in quick successions. The wetness made it easier to thrust, sort of a natural lubrication. Then came the moans, after half a minute of intense finger movements, there was a distinct soft moan under her held breath as she jerked backwards into the leather seat. Me being me, noticed all of that while I'm guessing she's just let go of herself already. I curled my fingers while inside her hole fondling and tickling the G spot.

Within seconds another warm spurt of liquid came onto my fingers. Her left hand gripped my forearm tightly as her body thrusted forward slightly. I could tell she was approaching an orgasm and I couldn't control myself from stopping it either. We were in a public bus after all but I persisted. I went deeper and repeated the thrusting and fast fondling, unexpectedly Cyn let loose a loud moan which she quickly concealed as a loud yawn. Luckily not much people turned around, but those who did turn and continued watching would have realised her body is jerking lightly in quick successions and she orgasmed for a solid few seconds. Not long after that, another stream of warm pee squirted past my fingers.

I could feel myself really turned on throughout the whole process as my face flushed slightly pink under the white lights in the bus. Cyn probably noticed and after she finished the last of her orgasms, she slipped her soft beautiful hands down my waist into my shorts. My hard cock was full on erect and she put her cold palm onto my warm dick. She stroked it once and then rubbed it. Hard. Within seconds, I unloaded the most orgasmic cumshot I ever had into my briefs and onto her hands which was on my cock.

She gasped loudly in shock. I grabbed her hand from moving out to prevent making a mess as I reached for the pack of wet wipes I had carried in my back pocket. After cleaning up discreetly, we sat for another awkward 15 good minutes not talking at all till reaching our destination, which I handed over my jacket for her to conceal her accident. We quickly ran out of the bus before anyone could react and found a H&M at the local mall to purchase a new panty and skirt to wear for the clique outing.

We didn't speak of this till after the dinner, which was good for the fish fillet, and anyways we talked while we were on the ride home instead.

She clarified that we should never talk of this to anyone, ever. Especially because, well( I forgot to mention), she has a boyfriend of 5 years.

I didn't prove further but she did clarify over time.

P.S. Asking for her panties would risk making me look like a pervert so I didn't try. But she thanked me for the entire situation and confessed how this is her first accident in many years already.

Clarification over the ride home: She said that she had been needing the toilet for some time but the ladies at the bus station had a long queue during the peak hour, she thought it would be possible for her to wait it out and use the ladies at the restaurant. What a mistake that turned out to be as she lost control multiple times as I expected. Apparently as the bus jerked to a stop and moved. She did eventually manage to hold the rest of the pee bomb till we reached the restaurant apparently. I told her not to worry about it as I can imagine this happens to everyone sometime in their life. I don't know how else to comfort her so again I hugged her before wishing her goodnight.

Been a good half a year since then and we never brought this up ever again.

*001*2018-06-05 16:57

I was feeling unsure of myself whether to take that as a hint or not.

Sometimes I do think about what if ..

Or I'm probably just oblivious

