Somene to share my love of wetting with

Author: pianoboo

*000*2016-06-13 20:01

Well folks, starting today, I will be more active on this forum! I have not yet had the pleasure of sharing my fetish with a partner, but I may be able to soon, which has encouraged me to hide from this less and embrace it a bit more?

So, I'm talking to this guy, and he lives rather far away so we aren't in a relationship or anything but we likely will be when school rolls around again and we resume living in the same state. I think I honestly may have been clued in on it before, that he was into omo, but at the time I didn't pay ant attention to it. I was locked out of the house one day because my parents changed the locks while I was away at college and forgot to give me a new key. Anywho, the two of us were talking and he asked me how I was dealing with being locked out. Being the blatantly honest person that I am, I told him that it sucked, because I was hungry and had to pee. He asked me exactly how bad, on a scale of 1-10 and I told him. He didn't bring it up again.

A few days after that incident, we were up late talking about things and somehow the conversation ventured to sexual things. I asked if he had any sexual fetishes, and he said non that he knew of. He in turn asked me the same question, and I told him that there was one, but that it would probably scare him or scar him, and that I wasn't telling him what it was. He told me no judgement and all of that, but I still wouldn't tell him. I have never told anyone about being into omo so this was a big step for me and I wasn't ready to take it. Later that night, I was intoxicated, and casually mentioned that it bugs me how much more I have to pee when drinking. He jokingly told me to piss myself, and in my intoxicated state, I thought that just by him saying that, it was an admission to being in to omo. I gathered up all of my whiskey-soaked courage and told him that the fetish I wasn't telling him about was omorashi.

His initial response was that being into omo is pretty tame as far as some fetishes go, and that it didn't bother him at all. He then sent me a message saying that in fact, he thought it was kind of hot. I was very surprised, to say the least, and that resulted in a rather lengthy discussion on how both of us found out about our fetishes, and had we ever shared with a partner, and the like. Long story short, I accidentally found out my crush is in to omo too, and now we tease each other about it and occasionally get very flirty with it.

All of that said, I feel like a huge weight has been lifted off my chest and I am way more comfortable with indulging in my desires and sharing with you guys on omoorg.

