The Omo-esque "Trend" from my High School

Author: ParadoxicEros

*000*2022-02-10 00:16

For whatever reason, there became a trend at my school (at least in the boys' bathrooms) that began as standing a couple feet from the urinal while pissing and slowly escalated to a whole lot more. While I won't recount every detail of the whole thing (because it happened for nearly 3 entire years of while I was at that school and this post would be a half-hour read at that point), I will just kind of summarize for the sake of wondering if anyone else's school had anything similar go on. This still might end up a long post though...

###

As I said, it began as just a few dudes that would stand a bit further away from the urinal than normal. My first encounter with it was in the late fall semester of my Sophomore, when I entered the bathroom to find two guys occupying the two urinals, but were stood towards the middle of the room, about 2-3 feet away. I thought mostly nothing of it and mostly just chalked it up to the classic 'boys do gross things because they think it's fun.' I kinda stopped for a second on instinct when I saw it and then went to use the stall.

Then I witnessed it again with a different dude in a different bathroom about a week later, but kind of just ignored it again. However, a couple days after that, I saw another different guy doing it, and as I came to a complete stop because I fully made eye contact with this dude as I walked in. While we were staring at each other, the dude straight up offers me to join him at the second urinal (which might honestly be one of the most intimate experiences I've had with anyone ever /hj). The omo part of my brain took over and I obviously took the offer and unzipped a couple feet from the urinal and began to pee.

I continued to do the same from that point on because obviously I wasn't gonna pass up the opportunity to fuck around while pissing, though I rarely witnessed anyone else doing it for a bit after that, though it did slowly seem to become less rare. I even got one dude I didn't know to do it, which was kind of fun.

Then, a few months after I had first witnessed it, it had apparently become common enough for my friend to end up asking me about it during lunch. He even sort of half-accused me of having something to do with starting it (he knew I was 'toilet adverse' so it was a fair accusation). i explained that I didn't start it but I was participating, to which he responded with something along the lines of "well duh, i'm pretty sure every boy in the school is doing it."

Then this is where things had begun to escalate;

A few weeks after my friend had asked about it, I had an encounter with someone who was backed up all the way to the wall opposite the urinals, attempting to piss into one (his success was... minimal, to say the least.) On that specific encounter I still decided to stay at least sorta close to the urinal, but I eventually began to witness more guys doing it and eventually was just like "i guess we're doing this now" and began to do the same. That was near the end of the school year, and over the summer I mostly forgot about it.

Apparently, most everyone else did not, as I remember distinctly that I witnessed someone with their back to the wall pissing across the room on my first day back, and pretty much every time someone was in the bathroom I would see someone doing it. If you wanted to use the stall you had to wait until nobody was using a urinal because there was no way past their streams. I can barely describe the chaos this caused in between-class bathroom rushes; best I can do is mention that I witnessed guys aim into the same urinal more than once.

I noticed that it began to seem like aiming was less of a priority, as there were times there someone would have dick in one hand, aimed vaguely towards the urinal, and their phone in the other, which is what they were looking at.

Then it stopped. There was a rumor that began to go around about overhearing teacher discussing closing the bathrooms during class periods. (A post about closed bathrooms is actually what initially inspired me to make a full post about this). Before you knew it, everyone was pissing like they were sane again, and the whole scenario turned into every boy in the whole school acting like nothing ever happened. Things got more nervous as the teachers confirmed that it was in discussion, and though they never said why, every guy was pretty certain they knew what caused it. (I can only imagine what the gals thought about the whole thing because as far as I could tell they had no idea anything had gone on).

However, after a couple months, the rumor died down and it seemed like the teachers stopped considering it for whatever reason, and things didn't take more than a couple weeks to get back to almost nearly how they were before, though the gradual escalation had been stopped for the rest of the year.

Then it was my Senior year, and with the whole thing of the locked toilets now far enough behind everyone, the escalation got a whole lot worse. It had gone from trying to aim into the urinals from the furthest distance to just trying to piss as far as you could within the bounds of the bathrooms. Along with it, height had also become something people seemed to compete over; plenty of times I witnessed people piss on the ceiling. I was still very much participating because I wasn't gonna pass up a chance to do what was essentially fully omo at this point with other dudes.

I remember that the bathrooms in the locker rooms and the one in the cafeteria both became especially bad because they were larger and had more room, and one time during a science lab managed to get pulled into a discussion/debate about who could piss the furthest. (I will boast that I once, after holding for as long as I could, did manage a roughly foot distance in the locker room bathrooms, thought that's fully a guess because nobody actually had means to measure.)

As my senior year was about a month away from ending, another rumor about locked bathroom started up, though it seemed to just be people trying to start something because the teachers never mentioned anything of the sort.

Then I left, but I imagine the trend still goes on to some degree.

###

So, with that story out of the way, I'm curious of how common that type of thing is. I know that it is a thing that happens at other schools because I've seen it mentioned online before, and did once ask some other dudes at my college who had come from other schools and most of them confirmed the same, though not quite to the same extent usually.

I never did find out who started the whole thing, though I wish I did because I feel like there's some chance that guy was into omo.

Has anyone else known of or been involved in this kind of thing at their school?

*003*2022-02-11 17:01

{{24 minutes ago, Gregory10031 said:

One time, me and 3 other boys were in the boy's bathroom in our school - it was a huge bathroom on the first floor by the gym - about 20 urinals and 20 stalls and it was a very large room, with really high ceilings - but hardly anybody ever used it, we usually used the bathrooms that were closer to the classrooms. But this particular day we were in that bathroom.

The long row of urinals were by a row of windows, and those windows went almost all the way up to the ceiling - somebody suggested we see who could get their pee to stream the highest. So, we all stepped back as far as we could from the urinals - it had to be about 15 feet - and we aimed upwards.

I forget who won - it wasn't me though - but our streams must have hit the windows about 8 or 9 feet up.

Nobody caught us, and that was the first and last time I did that

}}

That must’ve been some hella fancy school for the bathrooms to be that big.

I can only imagine what it would’ve been like if the boys at my school had access to a bathroom of that size.

