(Half) accident after a night out drinking

Author: PeeBee42

*000*2024-09-19 20:23

@babe90

's story "Wet myself walking home from the bar" reminded me of an incident that happened to me quite some years ago. And when I think about it I'm still a little bit embarrased. 🫣

I had been out drinking with some student friends and we were all pretty wasted on the walk back from the last bar to our dorm. I think we needed double the time it usually took us because constantly somebody stumbled over their own feet and the others burst out laughing. Accordingly, when I finally reached my room I couldn't be bothered to go to the bathroom and just crashed on my bed fully clothed.

When I woke up the next morning (hungover as hell) I was still lying on my bed but my jeans and my slip were pulled hafway down and hanging at knee hight. And they were feeling somewhat damp to the touch. I had a vague memory that I had gotten up during the night really bursting to pee and that I had gone to the toilet and peed.

But something wasn't right with that memory. I remembered that when I sat on the toilet I almost fell off two times because it was somehow "unstable". And I remembered that although I was sitting on the toilet my legs (and obviously my pants) got sprinkled with wetness when it gushed out of me. I stopped the stream several times and adjusted myself on the seat but it was no use. As soon as I started peeing again I felt that wetness around my legs. Also the splashing sounded much different than usual. I dug deeper into my memory and it occured to me that I saw a Bon Jovi poster while I peed. And that was really odd because we didn't have one in our shared bathroom. But there was one hanging on the wall over my bed. With that final piece it occured to me what really had happened:

I must have gotten up half-asleep and somehow had mistaken my laundry basket for the toilet. It was also white and had a lid but it had a lot of holes in it for ventilation. And yes, when I checked, the laundry inside was dripping wet and there was a huge puddle on the floor where the pee had sprayed out through the holes and sprinkled my legs and jeans. Also my wardwobe next to the basket and the wall behind it was wet. Was a huge mess to clean up.

Has something similar ever happened to you that you half sleepwalked somewhere and peed where you shouldn't? Never has happened to me again.

*006*2024-09-20 21:38

{{13 hours ago, Ian Newton said:

Yes. Like you, it was after a night of drinking. I ended up peeing in the wardrobe!

}}

Haha, thank good I'm not the only one. 😃

That makes me feel better. Did you realize it while peeing or also only the next morning.

{{3 hours ago, tanin said:

My colleague had similar experience some years ago. While on a trip he peed on other people's belongings, so the whole situation was not nice.

}}

Ugh, that's not nice in two ways: First the drugs and second peeing on other peoples things. Understandably that led to some conflict.

*010*2024-09-29 09:24

Oh my, I had no Idea that happenes quite frequently.

Keep the stories coming 😄

