Gotta Keep You Safe

Author: Psalm23_4

*000*2021-06-27 18:02

I was summoned to the deputy principal’s office, not because I had been bunking school or smoking on campus, but because I had been found making cuts on my arm with a paper knife during a lesson. I was to stay there until my mother came to pick me up, and I was to stay at home until my parents felt that my mental state was good enough for school again. Pretty much a suspension, I thought.

I was far from being sure of what to expect. The deputy principal was pretty much the most unpopular authoritative figure at school at that time. She was relatively new to our school; I, a senior at that time, had been at my school for longer than she had. She had ideas that were different from what our school had been used to and was a bit stubborn, resulting in her not cooperating well with the Student Leadership in the beginning and somehow gave her a bad reputation. The epitome of political correctness at that time was to refer to her with the filthiest word you could come up with; I had heard “bitch” and “whore” for countless times on the corridors, to name a few.

And now I sat in her office, my left arm lined with thin streaks of blood, my face blank and empty, void of all emotions. She sat across her desk, so close yet so far; she was such a remote figure even with the fact that she was my History teacher at that time. She sat there looking at me, straight into my eyes.

“Let me ask you again. Are you okay?”

Some other teacher had asked me this exact question and I could only be bothered to mumble something irrelevant. What can I say anyway; I never was okay, at least since my diagnosis came. What I had done was the normal thing anyone with bipolar disorder would do, something that deserved no attention, no sympathy whatsoever.

My attention at that moment was, indeed, not on my arm but on somewhere else, namely her legs. I could see her crossed legs under the table, and as she spoke they swayed side by side and curled backwards a bit, not enough for ordinary people to notice but enough to register in my otherwise blank, empty mind.

“It’s okay not be okay sometimes, remember - that’s why we are sending you home for the time being.”

I finally managed to look into her eyes, a light shade of brown, matching her honey-coloured curls. I had never looked at her this closely, nor had she ever spoken to me this softly, this gently, like a mother bidding goodnight to her child. It felt too good to be true; I was almost ready for her to launch into a lecture on how I was not to seek for attention the next second.

“Now, do you want to work on your homework a bit before your mom comes?”

I remained seated at her desk and bent down to pull out a book from my bag. As I bent under the desk I caught a glimpse of her legs again, this time crisscrossed even tighter. I placed the book in front of me and saw her shift somewhat uncomfortably in her leather chair. I was slightly puzzled since the staff toilet was right next to her office and there seemed to be nothing stopping her from using it. Regardless I took out a pen and began working through some questions set the day before.

Awkward silence followed, but not exactly silence. She busied herself with paperwork of all kinds, yet always seemed somewhat distracted a bit, and would occasionally let out a little sigh and shift around in her chair which thankfully was large enough. The swaying of her legs picked up a bit on frequency, although not enough to draw attention from a normal person. The harder I tried to focus on my work the more I was unable to do so: why would she rather be stuck in the same office with some random crazy student than simply leave the room and use the toilet?

“Do you have to be in the same room with me before I leave?” Curiosity finally got the better of me and I opened my mouth to ask.

For a split second I saw her biting her lip, but she instantly snapped out and turned to me: “That’s right - you are not leaving my sight before you are picked up.”

“Why?”

To my surprise she fell silent, her eyes dropping to the floor. Moments later they came up again; looking at me she said, slowly, in a low voice:

“The school I used to work in, you know......”

“Yes?”

“......There was a student just like you, and one day when no one was watching, he took a knife and went into an empty classroom and......”

I knew there was no way she could finish her sentence so I did it for her: “......And cut his wrist?”

For a moment I thought I saw her eyes glistening. “Yeah and I, I mean I swore to myself that the same thing would never happen to any other school I work at......You are not in the best mental state right now so before your parents come pick you up, I’m watching you. Gotta keep you safe.”

I sat motionless. The word “whore” flashed through my mind again, and I realised it was impossible for me to link it with this person in front of me, crossing and recrossing her legs, delaying relief for the sake of keeping her student safe. Flashing though my mind along with this were some of the seemingly stupid policies she introduced and the fact that she was sending me home for the time being; they were for the sake of keeping her students safe. And to do that she was willing to endure the sneers and ridicules from those she was protecting, just like she was willing to endure the pressure in her bladder, for me.

The school secretary knocked on the door saying that my mother was here. We both stood up and went outside. She had a few words with my mother before hurrying off to the staff toilet, and the moment her figure disappeared around the corner my eyes misted with tears for the first time in a while. As me and my mother walked towards the front gate I fished out my paper knife from my pocket and tossed it into the first rubbish bin that came into sight, without second thought.

PS:

To quote from a later letter I wrote to this teacher:

"In your hardest times which I think will be many, engulfed by sneers and ridicules which I think will be plenty, I want you to remember that you have at least inspired one student, and a teacher who has inspired one student is a teacher worth noting down as a change-maker, a mentor, a hero. I do not care what people say; you are my hero."

*004*2021-06-27 23:08

{{50 minutes ago, trekkie said:

That is beautiful. Have you had any contact with her since then?

}}

I went to see her earlier thi month but didn't see her at school since she is having a baby. Hope she is doing well at the moment.

