Business Trip

Author: Peeterwetwipe

*000*2017-03-14 18:31

I'm currently staying away on a business trip and am taking the opportunity to partake in some wet fun! Amazingly the hotel has a fully equipped spa and gym so I spend the first day "Stocking up" my fluid intake before hitting the gym for a workout, making sure I kept well hydrated throughout!

After the gym I hit the pool and discovered the absolute delight of the steam room where the atmosphere was so wet it became very hard not to let a little out! That was so much fun I repeated the excersise in the sauna (only a very little though, just enough to wet my shorts a little but not the bench)

I then moved onto the hot tub and enjoyed that, but didn't add to the water in there because I wanted to save up for later on when I was back in my room! where I had tremendous fun offloading all that I drank during the evening whilst watching some rather excellent videos on my iPad, but making sure to follow the strict rules of only peeing when the person on the video is, if tour timing is a little off it's torture (in the best possible way)

I'm off to hit the gym and spa now for day 2 of 3... I wonder what I'll get up to tonight ? I have bought some base layer thermal "leggings" with me that fit rather snugly, I'm tempted to go for a clothed release this time!

I'm open to suggestions/dares as long as they are not destructive!

*001*2017-03-14 23:02

And they are awesome! (Campri Sports base layer if anyone is interested...) After my workout, which contained a few mini adventures in the Sauna and hot tub I WAS NOT ALONE! I dined out at the local pub and had a dinner and four pints before walking back to the hotel, now 8/10, I imposed a rule that I was allowed to relieve some pressure if, and only if, I saw the letter 'B' .. The walk was excruciating! I passed a skoda, a VW, a "No Left Turn' sign, Waitrose, Stop..

On and on it went until I saw the magic word on some traffic lights... "Buses only"

Bliss... A very brief bliss....

TBC...

