Ex who hated my fetish indulged me

Author: pt133

*000*2025-02-06 05:48

I dated a girl in college who came from a broken home and had a lot of stuff going on mentally. I definitely took a lot of abuse but took it on the chin for her sake. I helped stabilize her and it helped her get herself on her feet. We didn't work out but she really appreciated what I did for her and I loved that sweet kind person she was under all that dark stuff out of her control. She had periods of being anorexic but eventually got past that and gained weight and muscle and got extremely hot. Had a nice butt.

Anyway during our relationship, she had some irrational hatred of my fetish of watching her pee or her holding pee. She would scold me for it. So I had to keep that suppressed our entire relationship. Any times she had to pee really bad (and she was very expressive with that, I have those memories in my head to this day), I had to be silent or help her find a bathroom and pretend like I wasn't enjoying every second.

Before I love on I'll describe her. Skinny (but now had an ass and some nice legs), pale, redhead/brunette bit of an overbite, pretty hazel-ish eyes.

We texted on and off after our relationship, and one time she surprised me with a selfie of her on the toilet. Now, this wasn't just a selfie from above, no, this was a selfie from the side showing her entire side profile on the toilet. It was the best pee selfie I ever saw. The way her hips, ass, and legs intersected on that toilet was just an amazing view. Anytime I see a pee selfie like that online I lose my mind (ladies please take more pee selfies like that) but nothing beats that one from my ex.

Anyway, from there she would tell me a few pee stories. She said she would go to these bonfire parties in the woods to smoke weed. She said she had no choice and would have to pee outside for the first time ever. She told me she always wore jeans, generally she wore lighter jeans and converse like shoes or vans. She told me some stories of how some rich guy would pay for a van to bring her and other people into NYC, over an hour away, and she said she would barely make it.

The best experiences were in person though. We were just casually hanging out, flirting a bit. We were I think going to go upstairs and maybe make out a bit. I had been fantasizing about seeing her pee for ages, and as she stopped to use the bathroom, I said wait...can I watch? Shyly. She aggressively said ugh, fine. She was wearing black vans and dark grey jeans that fit her butt nice. She sat on the toilet, pulled her pants and panties down, let out a nice stream (she must have had to go pretty bad) and was like yup...this is it haha.

I was elated. We then had the best sex we ever had. After sex she had to pee and let me watch again. I felt I was pushing my luck and asked her if she would hold it. Without saying a word she downed a glass of water and kept filling it up. Within 20 minutes she was doing a pee dance and holding herself. Shifting her legs back and forth. While wearing just a tshirt and panties. I asked her to then sit over the side of the tub and pee into the tub. Idk, it was unique. Her steam was clear and strong. The peeing in the tub wasn't really doing it for me. Actually kind of obstructed my view of her awesome stream and I didn't get to hear it so well.

Then she stayed naked and let me take pics of her on the toilet.

She may have got her life together but was also buying a crap ton of weed. Sometimes she would ask me for $20 bucks here or there and I would send her some, no problem, that's what friends do. She got a in some tough times and was asking for $100. I felt bad asking but asked, could you make it worth my while? So she made me a few videos of her pee dancing, holding her crotch, rushing to the bathroom, and peeing. She made a few hundred bucks doing that for me. I'm a sucker.

This next experience is the last, but also my favorite. It contains both of us (I'm a male) desperate so just a warning.

She lived with her aunt who was right next to a train station to go to Philly. So we went to this little holiday themed bar (think it was Christmas or Halloween themed at the time and drank a lot. Drinks were awesome. Super unique. The place had 2 or 3 single toilet bathrooms (it wasn't big) but they were under repair, so they had people go next door to a restaurant to use their bathroom. It was an annoying task we didn't do as we left, though we peed a couple times already. We walked back to the train and we're waiting, and waiting. I don't know anything about this train. She takes it all the time. Turns out, we were waiting for the wrong train.

While we are waiting we both have to pee. She seemed like she had to go pretty bad. She was squatting leaning against the wall with her hands over her crotch, and I was definitely starting to have to go pretty bad. I told her if she wanted to go further down and pee I would cover her but she declined. The train ride back we were both pretty tense just trying to hold it. I think I passed the threshold of having to go more than her. Shaking my leg. Eventually we get off the train and have to walk a couple blocks back to her aunt's house. I told her if I find a place with coverage imma just go.

If not, I asked if she would be willing to hold it while I go and then let me see her pee. So I could force her to hold it a bit and she how she reacts and I get to see her pee.

I waddle my way back and unfortunately her aunt opens the door. Her aunt starts talking to us. Eventually there's a break in conversation and I slip into the bathroom right next to the door and I pee the longest pee of my life.

She went upstairs and did her pee. I never got to see it, unfortunately. It was still got both of us being in an organic desperation situation.

Eventually we drifted apart as she got crazy again. Out of respect I deleted all photos of her, I let her know that, I'm not holding anything over her.

I really miss those photos and experiences. My only romantic sexual partner willing to do any pee or pee holding for me was my ex as an ex, lol.

My current gf lets me watch her pee at times but she doesn't do desperation, unfortunately.

