High school memory - Ali

Author: Prof P

*000*2020-02-06 09:13

Now that I'm a newbie fresh out of lurker mode, I'll try to keep up with sharing from my anecdote vault. Here's a fond memory that dates back to my senior year of high school...

I've always liked to share company with many different types of folks, and in high school I would hang out with the nerds, the stoners, the musicians, and the jocks. I just liked people, and I took pride in being welcomed into a variety of groups. I suppose this could be spun as having identity issues, but I liked how the different groups drew out different aspects of my personality. 

Anyway, that has little to do with anything, except that during one stretch of senior year, I happened to spend a lot of time with a group of people who liked to party. One of the girls, a senior (not) named Ali, was tall, blonde, athletic, and large-bosomed. For mostly these reasons, she was pretty popular with the guys, but I didn't particularly care for her (although we ended up going to the same college and became a lot more friendly there). One thing I did notice about Ali is that alcohol seemed to run right through her, and she was definitely the most likely girl in the group to get desperate and have a peemergency.

I had the good fortune to see Ali desperate on several occasions, but one in particular really stands out.

One night, a group of us had been drinking beer and wine coolers (yes, wine coolers) at a local park, when it started getting cold, and the topic of finding an indoor spot came up. One of the group, Jay, said that his mom was out of town and that we were all welcome to come over to his flat, if we didn't mind driving across town to get there. The evening was still young, so we all readily agreed that this seemed like a great option.

Upon arriving at his place, I noticed several of the group standing outside the building. When I asked what was up, someone explained that Jay knew of a liquor store nearby that would sell him alcohol, so he stopped there on the way home to make sure we all had something to drink. A few minutes later, Ali pulled up in her VW bug. She rolled down the window and shouted, "What are you guys doing? Why aren't you inside?" A couple of lines into the explanation, her eyes bugged out and she exclaimed, "You mean Jay's not here?!? Oh my god, I have to peeeeeee!!" Ali drove off to park and returned on foot about 5 minutes later, walking a bit awkwardly and looking desperate. "You mean he's still not here?!? Ohhhhh, I have to peeeee!"

Her voice sounded absolutely frantic and her look had gone from desperate to panicked. I remember thinking she seemed very close to losing control of her bladder at that point, and figured she might go for a desperate squat between parked cars or something. At this moment, I had a devilish thought. I was going to suggest to Ali that for all we knew, Jay could be upstairs inside his flat, and it was worth it for us to take a walk up the stairs to his flat to check if he was actually there (the outside door to the building itself did not lock). I knew that Jay wasn't there, and by the time we got up to his door on the third floor, Ali would not be able to make it all the way back down and would very likely end up peeing in her pants, as she would never just "pop a squat" inside the building. In fact, she was so very desperate that there's a good chance she wouldn't have made it to the bathroom even if Jay had been home.

Even though it would've been great to see Ali lose control and pee in her tight jeans, my idea seemed a bit cruel. And given that she hadn't yet gone to find a place to squat, I thought it might just happen anyway. Unfortunately, one of my friends piped up and mentioned that she should just go piss in the schoolyard on the other side of the adjacent building. "That's what I did, I just walked in and pissed against a fence, nobody will see you there," he added. Ali looked like she didn't want to do it, but quickly realized that it was her least humiliating option, so she hurried off to the schoolyard. Jay showed up shortly afterward, and we all ended up going upstairs and having a fun rest of the evening.

At some point, literally hours later, I realized that Ali was not wearing the same tight jeans that she had been wearing when she'd shown up earlier. She was wearing a much looser, slightly darker pair. When I had a moment to ask her discretely, I did: "Hey, Ali, were those the same jeans you wearing earlier? They look different for some reason."

"Wow, I can't believe you noticed," she replied, "actually, they are different, I borrowed these from Jay." Well that sure as heck piqued my interest, but a couple of people came over to join our conversation before I could ask the obvious follow-up of WHY?

I had just assumed that she had found a spot in the schoolyard and done her business without incident, but I realized that I hadn't checked her jeans out for any signs that things hadn't gone so smoothly for her. I was dying to get confirmation of what I wanted to believe, but it seemed weird to bring it up to Ali again, so I decided that when I got the chance, I'd ask Jay, as we were pretty good friends. The moment presented itself when Jay declared that he was going to his bedroom to grab some CD's to play out in the living room. I followed him in, and asked him why Ali was wearing a pair of his jeans. He kind of smirked and replied, "uhhhh I don't know, I guess she just wanted to wear a pair of mine." We both knew that didn't really make sense, and I told him so and waited for a better reply.

"Uhhhh welllll...."

I was getting the feeling that Ali must've made him promise not to tell, but I wanted to hear it. "Well, what??"

"Welllll.... ok, ok, promise you won't say anything to anyone..."

"Of course I won't."

He grinned broadly. "Ummm, Ali, kind of... had an accident."

"Like she peed in her pants? I know she was dying to pee before you showed up, but I thought she went over to the schoolyard and peed there."

"Well I guess she must not have made it or something."

At this point, I had to hide my erection, but I went a step further. "No way! Seriously? Let me see her jeans."

Jay started laughing heartily. "You wanna see them? Oh my god, you really are a pervert!" he exclaimed and laughed some more.

This pretty much shut me down. During that time, I was convinced I was the only weirdo in the entire world who was turned on by this type of thing, and I was super paranoid about being "found out". Jay and I were friends and high school boys, so he probably would've shown me her jeans if I had pressed on about it, but I decided it wasn't worth outing myself any more than I just had to him.

It certainly was fun to imagine what those jeans did look like, especially while she was still wearing them! And I got plenty of mileage out of replaying various versions of those moments leading up to Ali's pee accident, too.

Gee, I never realized how long winded I am! It's fun to recount these memories in detail though. Hopefully with time I'll get better at writing them up a bit more succinctly....

*002*2020-02-10 23:00

{{On 2/8/2020 at 12:54 PM, Marco said:

A sincere and pleasant story

}}

Thank you! I wish I'd seen her after she'd wet herself, but her desperation was as extreme as I've ever seen, even to this day.

