No coworker to relieve me so I can relieve myself!

Author: punpunmee

*000*2025-03-06 03:24

My job is very time sensitive and potentially dangerous while in operation so someone always needs to be in operation of it. This particular morning I follow my usual routine of arriving at for at 6am and starting operation right then. There is a bit of a waiting period right after the start so I went into the break room and had myself a cup of coffee. After my cup is where I made my mistake...I went pee. I should have held it. Because now that I peed it feels like that coffee is rushing to my bladder. About 30 minutes after being back at my work station I start to feel the pressure in my abdomen. I tense my muscles a few times to gauge how badly I have to go. Unfortunately for me I have a very weak bladder after having two kids!

Also unfortunately for me I have another hour and a half before my coworker gets in to take over my position. I'm stuck fidgeting in this room trying to distract myself from the coffee assaulting my bladder. "I shouldn't have peed I shouldn't have peed" I'm cursing to myself as I bob up and down with my free hand in my crotch trying to calm down my spasming urethra. The minutes absolutely drag on and it doesn't help I keep looking at the clock. "Fuck, come on. I can't do this much longer." I keep saying to myself. Part of my job it to squat down onto a tiny stool and change out some bolts. I wait for a wave of desperation to pass before I squat down on the stool. But it was no use. When I squat down my weakened bladder spurts out a quick jet of hot pee.

I gasp and clamp my thoughts together stopping the hissing stream. Thank God my scrubs were black otherwise it would have been very noticable. I had hoped the little blast of urine would leave a little room in my bladder but I swear it filled right back up and felt even worse now. Finally my coworker arrives. I explain to him what step of the process I'm in and what he needs to do next. I'm crossing my legs and bouncing trying to keep myself from peeing more but it's like my bladder knew relief was coming soon. The tickle at the entrance of my urethra was insane. I felt like my pussy was so tired from clenching that it was going to blast out of me without my consent. I quickly walked down the hallway towards the bathrooms with my thighs pressed at tightly together as I could while still walking until I reached the bathrooms. We have 3 single toilet bathrooms and just my luck I run the the first one and the handle doesn't budge. It's locked. The second. Fuck it's locked.

The third. Jesus Christ it's also locked. Someone is in every single available bathroom in the building. I take a step back and lean against the wall waiting for a bathroom to become available. I swear it feels like everyone in there is just fucking around in their phone to avoid work. I feel embarrassed but I'm so desperate that it was hard to care. I'm shivering, absolutely bursting. The elastic band on my scrub pants feels like a medieval torture device that is slowly twisting tightly forcing the pee down my tired urethra. A dribble. Just enough to make my sore pussy wet. Just enough to dampen my panties. Like a tease. A door latch opening! Someone is leaving the bathroom! I badge in right behind them and before the door has completely latched I'm ripping off my scrubs pants and running to the toilet. Each hobbled step I let out a quick jet of pee that splashes onto the tile floor until I finally plant myself on that toilet and let out the sweetest pee I think I have ever had.

