Something’s coming out…

Author: Princesspantys

*000*2021-11-23 03:32

So….I’m back :) so something pretty interesting happened today. I was having fun with a male friend of mine, if you know what I mean. Him and I both have a habit of watching each other masturbate; there’s just something about it that really draws us in. He knows about my kink and takes advantage of it sometimes, but - more often than not - my nerves get the best of me and he gently lets me go before things really start. But today…he wanted to watch me masturbate in the bath tub. He wanted to angle the faucet above my pussy and let the water run over my clit while I had my legs over the side….and, I have to admit, I couldn’t resist the temptation.

Like a good girl, I did what he said, and hooked the bend of my knees over the side of the tub and spread my legs for the water stream. Now, anyone who’s read my past post knows that I’m a sensitive girl. I wet occasionally in public (ive wet myself running quite a few times) and often leak during sex. I’ve peed during sex with him a few times…leaked here and there, and he never seemed to mind before. When I finger myself, I have a hard time not leaking because of the stimulation, and usually put down towels just in case. But I didn’t anticipate the water to feel so good.

Literal minutes into the water hitting my clit, I could feel a squirt come out. But, because he was sitting on the edge of the tub and I was already extremely turned on by this turn of events, I decided to keep going. My legs were shaking, and I could feel my tiny bladder quivering inside of me, but I was desperate for the release. Maybe I thought that the water would cover it up, but he definitely noticed something was wrong when I started clenching my stomach, trying not to pee all over myself.

I leaked a few more times involuntarily, but I was so close to cumming I couldn’t resist to keep going. I could feel my hot piss mixing with the water around my body and could only hope he didn’t notice. But then he put his hand between my legs to stick a finger inside of me, and the jig was up. Little squirts turned into squirming, which turned into panicked huffs, which turned into full on wetting when I couldn’t hold back anymore. I peed so hard you could differentiate between the two streams, and covering my face, I heard him say this (and I’ll never forget it because of how humiliating it was)

“Something’s coming out…are you wetting yourself?”

And I couldn’t stop. I wet myself all over his hand and the bath tub, and by the end of it, I’m pretty sure I was more covered in piss than water.

