White cotton panties

Author: P155princess

*000*2021-10-07 11:45

Good morning

This is the best way to start your day.no folders needed. Such a relief to let it out and enjoy.

*001*2021-10-07 11:56

%white panties1.mp4

&&

*007*2021-10-07 14:13

{{1 hour ago, Chame1eon said:

Just woke up and now i am super aroused and I want to pee in my panties.

}}

Go for it!

*009*2021-10-07 14:25

{{6 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

Will you let them dry and leave them on all day?! Please?

}}

You want me to wear them to work?.......maybe.

*011*2021-10-07 14:29

I won't be able to take photos at work due to the nature of my job. But I can promise desperation is a green light.

Plus the pants I'm wearing don't allow much for visual wetness. It hides it well.

&&

Ok...I'm down ill do it. My panties are not soaked now..they are dry enough to wear. There's not a heavy piss smell...I don't mind the crotch being damp. I kinda like it

Why is getting dressed for work so difficult?

I'm going to start drinking water now. I have to be there in 1 hour.

*016*2021-10-07 19:25

So I'm 3 bottles of water in and I am floating....I got 2 more hours left. I'm not sure if I'll make it. 😕 😟

I am wearing my pist in panties. They are maybe a lil damp in the crotch because I let a small spurt out 🤐 just to relieve some pressure. I have a bad habit of doing that. 🙃 but it makes it easier to concentrate on work...but it also makes my pussy wet...

*019*2021-10-07 20:35

So I need some relief. I can't keep sitting in my chair. ......but I know if I stand up I'm going to leak.

*023*2021-10-07 21:47

O am shivering I need to pee so bad but I can't leave until 630p

I let a small squirt out than ran down my legs..but after I did that..this shivering started. Wtf is that. If I can finish my paper I can leave but I can't concentrate

*024*2021-10-07 22:21

I made it out to my car. I opened the door and I lost it a good bit. There's a puddle at my feet

I feel so much better..but I didn't let it all out.

