Boyfriend pisses himself (Part 2)

Author: P.P. King

*000*2022-03-21 14:14

As promised, here's part 2. Hope you like it! Here's part 1 if you haven't read it.

"You can go to the bathroom anytime you want —" I leered at him

He gave a chuckle and smiled at me

"— as long as you go to the bathroom in your pants."

The waitress arrived with the next round of beers.

"No peeing unless it's in your pants. You know I'm getting horny just saying this. Fuck!"

"Jeez, chill out!" he shushed me. "They can hear us!"

I turned around and in the boot next to us there was a group of 4 guys roughly our age, dressed in basketball gear, who may or may not have heard what we'd just said.

"Yeah? Too bad." I turned back around to Mike: "It means they'll witness a 21 year old piss himself like a baby."

"Shut up!!! Damn"

"So... Are you gonna piss yourself or what?"

"Maybe. God I'm fucking bursting."

I could feel my dick throbbing inside my boxer briefs. It was the beer that gave me the courage to be so open about it. But even then, i wasn't actually convinced he was gonna do it. He had no interest in omorashi prior to going out with me. He was dressed too well. Hot Levi's, linen shirt, white Adidas... Yeah, no chance in hell he's actually gonna flood them with piss... Or... maybe? Nah.

Soon after that, our glasses were empty again. The beer was starting to take a toll on my bladder too. All the more exciting.

"Let's go for a walk. I'm tired of sitting." He told me. So we got up, paid, and left. I was pretty sure he would have used the bathroom before leaving, but he didn't.

The sweltering heat that had accompanied us before walking in had given way to a cool night breeze.

"Shit!" He said as soon as we were out of the pub.

"What's wrong?"

"I have to go SO fucking bad. This breeze just made it a lot worse. Fuck!" He bent over a little bit and crossed his legs, his jeans briefly outlining his sweet soft bulge. "Good God. He's been holding it since this morning. That bulge must be hiding a frickin tankful of piss", I thought to myself.

"Good!" I replied.

To which again he reacted by laughing and not really saying anything. My dick was hard by this point.

I suggested going for a walk downtown. [Mind you, It's a small Italian town, when I say downtown i mean centro storico, where all the bars and the nightlife are. In this case, a 10 minute walk from the Pub]

"Let's go back to my car a second" he said "I forgot my cigarettes in there."

"Alright."

We took the first turn left into the street that would take us to the parking lot, and just as we turned, he stopped again.

"FFFFfffuuuuuck. I have to piss NOW. I've never had to go this bad in my life. I'm literally gonna..."

"... Piss myself?" I anticipated him

"... Yeah. Lol."

He gave his dick a hard squeeze, crossed his legs and did a quick potty dance. A 21 year old hottie was suddenly regressing to a 5 year old kid. Beautiful. My dick was getting so hard it was becoming painful to walk. If I hadn't been wearing black pants I'm sure anyone could have seen my huge boner trying to break free from my pants.

—

"Come on, let's go. We'll find some dark alleyway and piss there. I kinda have to go too now." I said, still not believing I would get to see any pants wetting that night.

We walked down the street to the parking lot. It was an old poorly lit cobblestone square with maybe thirty of forty cars parked inside of it.

Mike had stopped moaning and complaining. He was now walking next to me like normal. We entered the parking lot and walked to his car. We were almost there when he stopped dead in his tracks.

I turned around and OH MY GOD. His position. The position that means just one thing.

He was standing still, legs slightly apart, head looking down at his feet.

And then a wet spot appeared. He was pissing himself. I couldn't believe my eyes. I was so aroused my legs started to shake and I had to lean on Mike's car for support.

He didn't move. The wet spot got bigger and bigger in a matter of seconds. First his whole crotch, than it made its way down one of his legs. A river of piss flowed from his rolled up cuffs straight onto the cobblestone pavement, making a distinctive piss trickle noise.

"Fuuuuck. I'm going. I'm pissing myself."

I was too aroused to say anything, i just stood still and watched in awe.

It wasn't long before his other leg got soaked too. He just wouldn't stop pissing. I reckon at least 30 seconds had passed and he was still pissing. The trickle from his pants cuffs still steady. A huge puddle forming on the cobblestones.

He let out a sigh of relief as the trickle finally died down. "Aah yes. I needed that." He lifted his head back up and looked me in the eyes, smiling.

I couldn't believe what I'd just seen. My hot 21 year old sweetie pie had completely disgraced himself in front of me, in the middle of a parking lot. To be honest, i wasn't completely dry either: my boxer briefs were soaked in precum. I was ready to burst a huge creamy load in my pants.

"Fuck" I moaned "I didn't think you were actually gonna piss yourself for me. I don't know what to say except this is the hottest thing I've ever seen."

"Lol, I'm glad you liked it." He said.

And just as he said that, I pushed him to the passenger door side of his car and furiously made out with him. I kissed him on his lips, stubble, and down on his manly neck. My hands reached down and squeezed his tiny, firm butt cheeks. They were soaked in piss. I was in heaven. I pressed my crotch into his and shot a warm creamy load right into my boxer briefs and pants. Pure bliss. Complete sexual gratification.

—

"Damn baby, did you pee out of your butt? Even your backside is soaked" I laughed.

"I had to pee a lot. I'm soaked everywhere".

Just as he said that, we heard some voices. We quickly separated and I stepped out from the line of parked cars to see what was going on. It was the basketball players that were sitting next to us in the pub.

"Shit." I heard Mike complain.

"Don't worry" I told him. "You just stay right where you are, they won't notice you pissed yourself. Chill."

The group seemed to be walking past us when suddenly one of them saw us at us and came walking towards us. He stepped through the area where Mike had pissed himself: "Hey, you guys got a lighter? Mine just stopped working. These fucking lighters are shit."

"Uhm... Yeah, here you go." Mike ran his hand inside his piss-soaked pocket and gave him his cigarette lighter. Needless to say, the lighter had a nice piss coating to it. It felt damp to the touch.

The basketball guy took it without batting an eye and lit up his cigarette. He thanked Mike, gave it back to him, gave him a quick once-over and went back to his friends. When they got to their car, I noticed them looking in our direction while talking to each other.

"Fuck man that was close" I said

"Do you think he noticed I pissed myself? Even the lighter was wet with piss Lol"

"I don't know Mike. It's not exactly common to see a 21 year old piss himself. Even though... Yeah, you do look like you pissed yourself actually."

As luck would have it, we had a plastic cover in the trunk. It now makes me think Mike had deliberately decided he was going to piss himself that night no matter what. He put it on his seat to avoid ruining his car and we got it.

Mike started the car, turned on the headlights and switched on the radio.

"Fuck man, I got piss in my shoes too." His adidas sneakers squeaked with every bit of movement.

I looked at him again. His Levi's were soaked, a giant unmistakeable piss pattern from his crotch down both of his legs. Even the seam at the bottom of his linen shirt had gotten wet.

"I love you baby. You know you didn't have to do this if you didn't want to" I said

"You know... I kinda liked it. I didn't remember pissing yourself felt this good."

*007*2022-03-27 21:36

I'm really glad this post was so well received. I'm also very happy you guys liked my writing style. It means a lot to me since English isn't even my native language. More stories and personal experiences are on their way

