So close

Author: purplesorceres

*000*2016-12-18 15:55

I was coming home from work when i got stuck in a traffic jam, where i work i am right next to the water fountain so i drink a lot of water. I didst realise i needed to pee until i was already driving home. I got stuck in a traffic jam about 40 minutes away from my house, i knew it would take a while and despite drinking so much at work i realised i was still thirsty. I had some water bottles in my car so i began to drink, i was thirstier than i first realised and ended up drinking about a litre, It was 10 minutes later, 30 minutes from my house when i first realised how badly i needed to pee. I squeezed my legs together as the need to pee got worse, it got worse very quickly and 10 minutes later again i was bobbing my legs up and down.

I ignored it the best i could and i thought i would make it home but when i was 5 minutes away from my house it struck again even worse and i had to shove one of my hands in my crotch area to stop myself from peeing. I could feel the pee wanting to burst out and barely a minute past when i first squirted. I gasped and dug my hand further into my crotch area trying to stop to the squirting. I could see my house when we hit a bump and my bladder tried to hard to release as the flow started, i grabbed my skirt and could feel a good sized wet patch from where i had been pushing the fabric closer to my vagina. I tried to shut of the stream, which i managed to but i could still feel the pee which i was now sitting in.

As i pulled up into my driveway no one could see my so i jumped out of my car leaving everything behind apart from my keys, i bent over as i continued to leak. I moaned in pain and waddled closer to my house. I stood up long enough to unlock the door, my bathroom is on the top floor so i had to climb the stairs. I could feel myself leaking and as tempted as i was to release right there i decided against it, looking behind me i could see drops of pee all up the stairs. I was so close to the bathroom when the worst wave hit, i fell to the ground and scrunched up my skirt shoving it to my crotch area but i could feel myself leaking really bad and finally my bladder released. I tried to stop the flow grabbing my crotch area but the pee just pooled in my hands and around me. Moving my hands away i let the stream flow freely as i sat down properly feeling the spread of pee around my body, my panties where soaked as was my skirt.

