Hiking/camping (Duke of Edinburgh) pee experiences

Author: purpleturtle

*000*2021-10-22 16:50

Hi everyone!

I read a story on here a little while back about a girl needing to pee on a hike, and it reminded me of some pee experiences I had when I did my gold Duke Of Edinburgh expedition. (For non British people, it's basically a 3 day hike in a group of about 5 people from school or college, and in my case it was when I was 18).

I'll share one of mine but I'd really love to read about other girls' experiences too if anyone has any! I'm curious to see how other girls coped with the pee situation on their trips. It doesn't even need to be a duke of Edinburgh trip, it can be any outdoor hike or camping with friends.

So part of the expedition I did involved "wild camping" for a few of the nights. That basically means you have to sleep in a tent but not on a campsite. I was with 4 other girls and on our second night, we were camping in a field without any toilets nearby. Obviously we needed to empty our bladders after a long hike, so 2 of us went together into a patch of bushes and trees nearby to pee.

We were close friends and had seen each other naked lots of times before, so that between wasn't an issue thankfully! We reached a small clearing in the middle of the trees and decided we'd pee on the ground there. Unfortunately, the ground had a lot of spiky and thorny plants covering it which meant we didn't want to squat down to pee for obvious reasons. We could have done that sitting squat style but after a long day of walking I don't think our knees were up for it!

We had a good backup option though - standing up! I'd done it loads of times before, and my friend knew the method too (I may or may not have been responsible for teaching her it on a sleepover a few years before ). The field was on a hill, so we stood side by side facing downhill and there was probably a metre or two between us, enough to give us a little privacy and stop us accidentally spraying each other! When we were ready, we pulled our shorts to the side against our legs and peed.

I'll admit, it was a little awkward at the start since both of us took a while to get the pee flowing. But eventually we managed it and both successfully peed standing up, and neither of us got any clothes wet. Mission accomplished!

When we went back to the rest of our group, we told them about the spot we'd found so they could use it too. I'm not sure they knew the standing method though and it makes me cringe at the thought of them squatting over those thorns!

Hope you enjoyed! It's definitely one of my most exciting pee experiences and I'll happily answer any questions about it. (Though not the location or anything for privacy reasons). I'm looking forward to hearing if anyone else had similar experiences!

*003*2021-10-24 07:31

{{8 hours ago, PrincessPEEach said:

I’ve tried to practice the stand to pee method, but I always end up with pee running down my legs. What’s your secret?

}}

It’s far from easy to master, don’t worry!

There could be a few reasons why it’s running down your legs, party depending on your anatomy (labia size for example). Just make sure that you spread your labia/lips wide apart so your urethra is completely exposed - it’s best to use both hands when you’re learning.

It’s quite common to dribble a bit near the end, so make sure you keep forcing your pee out the whole way through. It’s easiest to practice in the shower since you’re naked already.

Let me know when the dribbling happens (ie. the start/end of your pee or the whole way through?) and I’ll see if I can help more! Feel free to message privately if you’d prefer.

{{1 hour ago, holdit247 said:

Nice scenario!

Which of you peed for longer and therefore came across more desperate?

}}

We didn’t watch each other directly but I seem to finishing a little earlier than her. I did take a quick glance over to make sure she was ok and her stream was a lot weaker than mine which might explain why she was slower.

*006*2021-10-24 19:09

{{17 minutes ago, PrincessPEEach said:

It’s mostly the beginning and the end, and the inability to spread my legs wide enough without being naked.

I can do it naked in the shower (aside from the a few drops), but it’s impossible in clothes, which makes it useless anywhere public. Way faster and easier to squat…but standing feels way more fun lol

}}

Yeah I used to (and still do) get that too. Maybe it's different for me but I find it don't usually need to spread my legs too wide - as long as you can spread your labia apart it should be fine. The only clothes I'll ever do it in are a swimsuit or short shorts because I can pull them out the way against my leg.

*008*2021-10-25 07:37

{{11 hours ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Ohhhhhh, that makes sense….I have this dream of being able to do it in skinny jeans…probably not very realistic

}}

Yeah maybe set your goals a tiny bit more realistic I suppose you could do it in skinny jeans. You'd either need to pull them down to your knees (which risks dripping pee inside them) or find some jeans where the zip opens wide enough to get your hands in and hold onto your lips.

