Locked Out

Author: PianistPony

*000*2017-10-07 04:59

This is an older story of when I was in the 9th grade, I was just a freshmen in my private high school in New York, it's late December a week after exams and a few days before Christmas many of the students are absent due to travel for the holidays we just watch christmas movies in the short classes for we have half a day today. It's fairly cold out so i'm wearing warmer clothes then is my other stories, it's recently snowed here and snow is on the ground, during these shortened days we were told by the school to not bring backpacks, girls were able to bring small purses for the make-up or time of the month items. As always i'll jump into more details in the story.

I'm sitting at the table eating my dinner with my parents, we discuss our days and what is on schedule for tomorrow, I tell them that i'm not suppose to bring anything to school tomorrow for it's just a day to celebrate for making it this far into the year with holidays right around the corner. I finish eating the chicken and mashed potatoes along with the corn thats on my plate, putting my fork down in delight of eating every bite of my favorite dish, I chase it down with a glass of ice tea. Mom asks if I can clean up after dinner, without another word I get up from the table and pick up the plates and bring them into the kitchen and put them in the sink before turning it on, I make quick work of the task asked of me by my mother and sit in the living room with my parents as they turn on a hokey game.

My family is very into sports, it's practically the only thing we watch on TV, we don't care much of TV shows or movies, but sports is very important to us, it's a time to bond and is the topic of most of our discussions about stats and who we think will win tonight's matchups or what matchups will help our team out. During the early part of the game I take my dog Snowball outside to use the bathroom, I just got him back in November for my birthday that year, i've always wanted a dog since I was younger, but my parents were against it since my mother was allergic to them, but they found a small white dog that she wasn't allergic too. I'm outside wearing skinny jeans and a jacket to try protect myself from the cold winter air, begging my dog to hurry up, I find myself with my legs crossed noticing I probably need to go pee worse then he, after a few more minutes we come back inside I dry him off as he was rolling around in the snow and take off my jacket and boots.

Hearing my dad yelling GOAL I forget about my bladder and rush in to see who scored, I sit on the couch and squeeze my legs together watching the game talking to my parents, I grab a blanket on the couch and wrap myself in it. The signals from my bladder subsides for an hour and a half or so now, it's nearing the end of game as my bladder singles it's full I take a sip from the hot chocolate my mom made for everyone while there was an intermission, without realizing it I grab myself feeling fairly confident in my ability to hold it until the end of the game. 4 minutes left the team we wanted to win scores a goal and going up by 3 goals, very excited we high-five all around knowing this was a small victory in many to reach the play-offs I look at the time which shows it's nearing 10pm, I get up and hurry to the bathroom knowing the game is all but over and needing to relive myself, I get ready for bed, brush my teeth and say goodnight to my parents and dress in my short red nightgown.

I sit in my bed and take out my book and read it for awhile, I suffer from terrible insomnia so I find myself up much later then I intended, still finding trouble sleeping I get up from my bed noticing the clock reads 1am I decide to get my clothes out for school tomorrow and get my purse ready and a new book since I just finished the one I was readying. I'm happy with the selection of clothes i've placed out for myself and crawl back into bed the clock reading 1:30am now finally being able to find some sleep.

I wake up from my mom telling me it's time to get up from school, I put a pillow over my head to blacked out the world around me knowing I didn't get the amount of sleep a teenage girl should, my mom comes in pulls the covers off of my I instantly curl up into a ball freezing due to the time of year. Pulling the pillow off my head and placing it on my legs in a feeble attempt to warm up again, I give into fate and take a shower and get dressed I put on grey panties with a flower pattern on them, red leggings and a short green dress and green bra. I grab my book and purse which had my phone in it and walk down to the kitchen. I make a warm cup of tea and some eggs for me and my mom accompanied with a few pieces of toast each, my mom and I finish the breakfast I made I text a few of my friends who wonder if I was going to show today or not, my mom says it's time to go now as she has to drive me.

I put my dish in the dishwasher and go to the bathroom before meeting my mom out in the car, she drives me to school and I tell her that today is only a half of day and i'll be home at 11. We arrive at school I kiss my mom goodbye and go the library where I always meet my friend Katherine, she tells me our other friends Emma and Megan are deciding to skip claiming there "sick" but they just want to spend the day playing video games and sleeping, Katherine and I chat before the bell rings telling us class one is starting. We both arrive at english class walking in seeing only half the class there, the teacher says he's going to put on a movie and we can talk quietly amongst ourselves or use our phones as long as it's well hidden in case of an administrator walk in, Katherine and I sit together and talk about what we asked Santa for this year, we giggle and joke around until the PA announces that class is over.

We walk our separate ways until the last class of the day, classes today are only half the time since we have to attend all 4, the classes seem so short today, we don't have anything to do all day in any class, I quickly doubt myself for even showing up, knowing full well i've had perfect attendance since 4th grade. I attend my next class with no friends in it I sit alone and get into my book, drinking ice team from my to-go cup I brought with me, I sit with my legs comfortably crossed while reading the first few chapters in the book, realizing this book isn't as interesting as I was hoping for I put my book mark in it disappointedly and close it looking at the clock and see the next class will be starting soon, it's 9am now only 2 more hours before getting home. I walk to the music class i'm in, it's the only reason i'm attending this school, the middle school and high school

I attended were private schools for music, music has been my entire life, we've put on a bunch of performances throughout the year. I arrive at the music classroom and we're free to do whatever we want like my previous classes, a bunch of us gather around the piano with our instruments and write short songs that didn't sound to good but it was fun to write and play the instruments without any consequences. As class comes to and end the teacher points out how he's happy we don't write music for the performances chuckling, a few of the students joke around saying he's jealous on how amazing we sounded. I finish drinking the tea I brought with me while standing by the door waiting for the last class to begin I read the back of my book one more time trying to figure out why I even thought this would be a good read, midway through my second guess about my book the PA announces the start of the last class.

I walk to to the science room where Kathrine waits for me we enter together and sit down, I sit with my legs squeezed together a bit more tight then for just comfort as my bladder is filling up from the tea I drank, I look at the clock and know I only have to an hour and a half until I get home, not a fan of public bathrooms at all I decided to wait then use the schools bathrooms. Katherine and I continue our conversation that was cut off by the ending of our first class together, we giggle a bit as we talk about girl things, I tell Katherine about my book, she mentions her last book had a pretty big twist at the end and recommended it to me. I write the name of the book in the small notepad I keep in my purse, and I pray it's better then the one I currently had with me, with about 20 minutes left of class I find myself wiggling in my set with my legs squeezed together.

Katherine seems to notice my sudden movements and ask if everything okay, I brush it off and say yes just anxious about the week break we'll be getting soon, knowing full well it's my bladder making me squirm around. Katherine asks if wi'll be able to come over during the break to have fun, I tell her probably not as we have family visiting from Long Island for the week and we have a full slate of family activities set up, she pouts cutely saying she's way more fun to hang out with. I would probably agree having out with my friends would be a bit more fun then with family, but i'll be getting gifts from my family for the holidays.

The bell rings a roar of cheers from the students running in the hallway knowing there free from the uniform and rules and homework for the next week, you hear a teacher say no running in the halls that can only be heard by the students right next to him as the cheers echo through the halls growing out any feeble attempt to stop our excitement. Knowing my parents are at work I have to take the bus home today, Katherine also having to take the bus sits next to me as we live just one stop away from each other. I sit and squirming around on the bus needing to pee pretty badly as it takes off Katherine noticing my movements again teases me saying "So are you still anxious about the week ahead?"

I blush knowing it's obvious I have to pee, I quietly confess my need for the girls room, she giggles and says playfully "Sammi's gonna have an accident." I squeeze my legs tightly and squirm around, I scrunch up my dress and shove the ball between my legs telling her to stop, she said "I'm just playing." I look at my phone knowing I should be home soon, I continue shifting positions as some students get off the bus at a few stops before mine I sit on my heel now pushing it into the crotch area of my leggings. After the next stop I realize pushing into my crotch with my uggs is extremely uncomfortable, I switch my positions again trying to keep a conversation with Kathrine to keep my mind off my bladder, the bus slows down to another halt and Katherine gets up and says good luck making it to the bathroom and enjoy the weeks vacation, we hug and the bus takes off again.

With nothing to keep my mind distracted from my full bladder I look around the bus and notice no one is around me I take the opportunity to lift my dress and grab myself with both my hand and squirm on the seat, after 5 minutes which could have been 5 hours for all I know we arrive at my stop, I compose myself and fix my dress and walk off the bus. Once off the busily around on my phone with cross my legs very tightly and bob up and down a bit while I wait for the other students to get into there parents car or walk off out of seeing distance. Alone now I lift my dress and pull my leggings up as tightly as I can to help my bladder hold the pee wanting to escape I start walking to my house with my hand between my legs, I start feeling very self conscious about my actions so I stop holding myself but keep my legs are close together while trying to walk normally.

Once I get to my house I hit the code to open the garage, while the garage opens I hold myself and start pee pee dancing desperately wanting to get inside to relive myself, I walk to the door and try the handle but it's locked, I hold myself really tightly and walk in place trying the door again. Confirming the door is locked I put my book on a shelf in the garage and Iook through my purse realizing I never took my keys out of my backpack last night, I can't believe i'm stuck outside desperate to pee and I can't get into the house. I lift my dress and start pushing into my crotch desperately dancing around in the garage, I call my mom and ask her to please come home, she isn't happy that I left my keys in the house, she said she'll be there soon for her lunch break, I didn't tell her I was bursting to pee.

I hang up the phone with my mom, I know she's 30 minutes away from home and she said she was leaving now thankfully, all I had to do was hold it 30 minutes, I hung up my phone and I leak into my panties. I leak a bit worse then I thought at first nothing my hand thats holding my crotch is wet, I continue holding myself and dance around, i'm starting to get tired from dancing so I cross my legs as tightly as I can while I stand with my legs crossed I slightly bob up and down. While doing my bobbing I hear a longer hiss then I wanted too, the pee spreads to my butt and leaks through my leggings leaving some drops on the garage floor, I start panicking and I can't help but call my mom again.

"Mom it's cold out can you please hurry up please?"

"I'm almost home honey, just relax."

"Ugh okay mom."

I hang up and another long leak squeaks out making the area around my crotch more wet and spreading down the legs of my leggings now. By this time i'm back to doing everything I can to keep from letting anymore pee escape, i'm grabing my crotch crossing, uncrossing my legs bobbing up and down, I waddle to the front door waiting for my mom after 5 more minutes of this desperately telling myself I can hold it I hear a sound.... I feel my hand get warmer and hear hissing coming from between my legs I feel the pee spread more around my butt and racing down my legs changing parts of my leggings dark red, I give up holding but keep my legs crossed tightly as I finish peeing myself feeling my socks and uggs fill up with the yellow liquid. I look down and notice the snow under me is yellow, I blush from embarrassment I pull up dress up and check how badly my leggings got wet not wanting to be seen I walk back to the garage and wait for my mom to come home.

My mom comes home about 5 minutes later, she walk into the garage and sees my leggings and asked what happened, I had to confess I had an accident waiting for her, she opens the door and scolds me as usual, I take off my shoes at the front door and notice my white socks are more yellow then white, I walk to the bathroom and take off my dress which didn't get any pee on it and look at myself in the mirror. I turn the shower on and wait for the water to warm up I take off my leggings reviling my wet grey cotton panties I take my wet clothes and leave them outside the bathroom door for my mom to clean, I take my shower and go to my room and pull my key out of my bag and put it on my desk. I was to excited about not having to do anything in class today that I forgot my dad wasn't able to pick me up today due to work. I never did forget my key on any other half days after this, I hope you enjoyed the story I look forward to telling you another experience soon.

*004*2017-10-09 02:19

{{4 hours ago, MissSpurt said:

Wow. I would love to have this happen to me, this is one of my biggest fantasies.

}}

Oh really? It’s funny to see how a topic such as this can be a fantasy and a dream come true for someone and pure embarrassment and humiliation for one such as much. To each there own I suppose, I’m just happy you enjoyed the story, feel free to send me a private message if you want to talk.

- Samantha

