A story from a few weeks ago

Author: pianoboo

*000*2016-02-22 16:14

I haven't been on in a few weeks, so I have a lot of catching up to do! This short wetting happened a few weeks ago.

My roommate was visiting home for the weekend, so I had the dorm to myself for three days (it was a long weekend). While she was gone, I decided to have some fun. I have done a rapid desperation challenge before, once, but it was cut short by some untimely circumstances. So while she was gone I decided that I should do a rapid desperation challenge. The first two hours went just as planned, with me drinking tons of water and peeing whenever I felt the need. By the end of the first two hours, I was peeing almost every fifteen minutes. Cue the start of hour three, where I continued drinking the same amounts of water, but deprived myself of the bathroom. I felt a slight twinge of needing to pee at around 10 minutes in, but it was so small that I could easily ignore it. It steadily increased over the next half hour unitl I was at an 8/10, and then plateaued.

My need stayed at an 8 for quite a while. I was continually holding myself, but I knew that I was in no danger of leaking. At almost exactly the hour and a half mark, I noticed that I was completely out of water. I had another few bottles in the fridge, so I stood up to go and grab them. As soon as I stood up, gravity took effect and I was in trouble, I let out a huge spurt into my panties, and there was a visible wet spot on my crotch. Luckily, my roommate and I live in a room on campus that has it's own bathroom (a rarity on this campus) so I jammed both bands into my crotch as hard as I could and waddled over to the bathroom.

I knew I wouldn't be able to get my pants down without losing it, but I still tried. As I stood in front of the toilet desperately fumbling with my jeans, I lost all control. Pee hissed out of me and started splashing the floor. There was no way that I would be able to stop, it, so I jumped into the shower and removed my hands from my crotch, feeling the warmth spread over my butt and down my legs. I peed for what seemed like forever, and when I was finally done, I was so horny from the experience that it only took one touch to make me cum.

