My most recent naughty wetting

Author: pink_wetter

*000*2016-02-15 03:24

This happened at a work picnic on Friday afternoon. It was casual and I wore my favorite casual outfit of a fitted striped shirt and a flowy black skirt over purple silk panties with sparkly flip flop sandals. Some stylish sunglasses finished the look off. The unusually hot weather for this time of year had everyone drinking all the cool drinks they could handle. I saw people trek the long distance to the bathrooms and decided I wasn't going to do that.

I found a tree that offered nice shade and sat on the grass with my skirt flipped out from under my butt and a plate of food in my lap. This gave me elbow room to eat comfortably. I had a lot of watermelon and fruit salad topped off with half a bottle of ice cold water. A few coworkers decided to join me with their plates of food. We talked shop over our lunch. I felt my bladder getting more and more full. I rocked my feet side to side a few times and crossed my ankles to disguise my pushing my thighs together.

One of my coworkers, I'll call her J, said something funny, and I let loose a squirt when I laughed. That made my need to pee so much worse due to how rapidly my bladder filled. I leaned forward a little, pressing my peehole against the ground in the guise of listening intently to my other coworker, whom I'll call R. R had a funny story to counter J's. They always one up each other with goofy tales about their husbands and kids. I lost another squirt and my bladder spasms got painful.

I waited for my coworkers to get up with their plates and walk to the trash. Then I casually leaned back against my hands. The piss happened immediately. A smooth, but powerful stream. I closed my eyes behind my sunglasses and pushed as if on the toilet, causing my pee stream to hiss and gurgle loudly into the gusset of my silk panties. The silk rapidly got soaked and I felt the grass beneath me getting wet too. I peed and peed and peed as people walked right past me, unaware of what was going on under my skirt.

As you all know, once you break the seal it seems like you have to go constantly. I stayed sitting in the grass for quite a while, enjoying how my silk panties made my pee hiss louder than usual if I pressed my legs together. I didn't get up until I finished the last of my watermelon. My skirt covered the naughtiness and being wet helped me feel a bit cooler.

I shunned the bathrooms again and got right into my car with the cooler I brought. (It had grapes and assorted fruits.) My car has tinted windows and a fantastic air conditioner. And I was just about to pull out when my boss knocked on my window to ask me about a project I'll have finished within two weeks. I cracked my window enough for him to see my face and nothing else. He kept asking me questions and my very full bladder couldn't handle it.

I began to slowly but steadily pee while casually talking to my boss about a power point presentation. This time the back of my skirt got wet and I felt rivulets of hotness dribble off the vinyl seat to soak my feet. My face was flushed and my boss mistook it for sunburn. I said it stung a bit and glanced in my rear view mirror as if checking how bad it was. He suggested I put aloe vera on it anyway. My muscles gave out and the piss began pouring out full stream. I thanked him for the tip and returned to the power point presentation, all while peeing as hard as my body could go. I peed so fast it was gurgling between my slightly parted thighs.

Thank goodness my car engine and air conditioner covered up the sound! I finished telling my boss what I needed to tell him and waved. He walked off and my pee stream was interrupted by me twisting to look behind me only to resume again as I backed out to drive home. I peed until I was out of the parking lot. Traffic meant the journey took a little over an hour. I was bursting again when I arrived at my house. Thank all the watermelon I ate for that!

I got into my house and crashed across my couch. I shoved two fingers into my soaked panties and fingered myself when I started losing spurts. I came hard and peed again as soon as I relaxed. I kept my legs spread and lazily fingered my clit as I watched my stream burble through my silk panties until my bladder was empty. I came again and finally I was spent. I took a shower, changed and fixed myself dinner while filing the day's delicious experience away in my mind.

*003*2016-02-18 03:39

The hottest thing about it is doing it and nobody knowing. I'm not big on being humiliated in public. The pee I took as I talked to my boss was the riskiest one ever.

