Almost unplanned full public accident after driving home from a party

Author: puredesp

*000*2024-05-05 10:40

Some days ago I went to a outdoor techno event in my hometown. The event was slightly outside the town and I took my bike to get there. On the journey to the location and at the event I drank a lot of beer. Ive met some of my friends there and we had a really good time. After the event was over my friends decided to take the bike home but I were really exhausted so I decided to take the train. Going home by train is usually a lot faster than driving bike. On the way to the train station I needed to pee again. It seemed like the beer flew through my body.

Although I unfortunately decided to just hold it and I dont know why because on the way to the station there were many opportunities to pee (it was dark, in the woods and not many people around). As I arrived at the station my plan was to quickly go pee before the train comes but I only had 2 minutes and I didnt want to miss the train. So I just waited at the station but I really had to pee so damn hard. Of course it had to come to this, that the train was delayed by some minutes

The good thing for me was that this train has usually toilets, so I decided to just wait it out until the train arrives

At this time my bladder felt like it was about to burst. I switched between sitting on a bench, staying and crotch grabbing. I used my hand in my pocket to squeeze everything together although I tried to do it sneaky because there were other people around :')

I did some planned holds in the past but it never was this urgent like in this moment. First time I really thought that I will pee my pants in public soon if I couldnt go to the toilet in the next minutes

After few minutes luckily the train arrived but it was really freaking packed. I just left my bike in the entrance and immediatly searched for the toilets. Typical the toilet was occupied so I had to wait again. I smashed at the door and after round about a minute a person came out. My bladder was about to burst any second, I went in fucking fast and in the moment I locked the door I felt a warm feeling in my crouch. I instantly went on the toilet and peed. It felt sooo good to finally let it go

After I were finished I checked my pants and noticed that I for real peed my pants not just a little bit. My underwear was really soaked. I wore a black chino pants and the whole crouch area was wet too. Luckily other people couldnt notice it that much, I went to my bike again in the entrance again and drove the train to my destination. On the way from the train station to my home I had to pee again tho but I made it easily.

At home I finally realized that I nearly had a full public unplanned accident.

