Accidentally Peed on my friend and made her pee on herself TWICE!

Author: PoutyPoet

*000*2021-11-30 17:21

Recent Experience with Anita

I want to share a story with you guys about something that just happened a couple weeks ago, and feel free to chime in with your thoughts or (hopefully) any similar experiences you guys might have had recently, or otherwise.

This concerns myself, and a female friend of mine named Anita. She wasn't what you would call a supermodel or anything like that; more accurately, she could be considered an average "girl next door" type. For those curious, she was average build, dark hair, and typically wore lose fitting clothing.

She wasn't into ws, but she did have bladder issues; admitting to me that she would occasionally be caught short on her way to the bathroom... however, I was later able to discover from a load of laundry she had left sitting in her bathtub that it seemed to have happened to her every day

(not one pair of pants or shorts in the load did not have obvious pee stains and/or residual wetness)

My first experience with her happened almost a year ago, while we were hanging out.

We had stopped to smoke a joint and it was cold that day, so I was sitting with my back to a wall, and she sat between my legs.

I typically hold my pee until I am desperate, and this time was no different.We were smoking and suddenly, I had an uncontrollable urge to pee, and could not hold it. It started to escape, and because there was a slight decline away from the wall, she was immediately downhill and in the path that my pee followed. As she put it,

"I was sitting there wondering why my back all of a sudden started burning."

Long story short, I peed all over her, and apparently the feeling caused her to pee her pants too!

Fast forward about 4 months, and I messaged her, proposing that I pay her to pee her pants for me twice (once, standing and a second time, sitting in my lap.) I asked her what (financially speaking) it would take for her to do this for me, and she asked for $60 at first, but later asked for $80. I am not sure if you guys consider that to be a fair price, but I was willing to pay it.That said, it didn't end up happening yet, but may in the future.

So now that I detailed the leadup, here is what happened just a couple weeks ago:

I messaged her, and we agreed on hanging out, and just before I left, I proposed we play a game: I asked her to drink as much water/juice or liquid as she could and not pee until I got there. For context, this ended up being 2L (apparently) at about 4PM.

I didn't get to her place until after 8 or 9 o'clock. As to whether she drank that much or didn't pee before I got there, I cannot be certain, but I do know that she didn't pee after I got there, until the next morning, and drank about 750mL over the night.

I'll skip over the evening, as the interesting part begins in the morning. We had an all-nighter, and she was tired once morning came, so it was about 10 or 11 in the morning and we were cuddling outside in the sun, enjoying the heat. I had brought an extra pair of pants and gave them to her, but did not do so under the guise of pants to wear in case/after peeing her pants; just as pants for her to wear. If anyone is curious, she was wearing very thick and absorbent green sweat pants, but no underwear underneath.

So there we were, enjoying the sun when I noticed she had passed out, and I had my arm around her. Prior to calling asleep, she told me she was at about a 7/10 on the "pee scale" (I'm sure anyone reading this knows what the pee scale is)

So, as I said, I had my arm around here and I sneakily started hugging her quite firmly, with my hand pressing into her lower belly; right where her bladder was. I had difficulty finding the perfect spot to put pressure at first, or perhaps she wasn't desperate enough for the weight of my arm to have the desired effect, at first.

Eventually though, I seemed to find the right spot, as she softly made a noise in her sleep that told me I had found the right spot or she was getting to be emergency level full. Gleefully, I persisted on the spot (not enough to cause her pain, but enough to push her to the edge) I know this only because she woke and sat up, proclaiming that she was at a 10, but without any indication she was aware of my effort.

I played for time and suggested having a smoke, and happily watched her squirm.

"How do people hold it so long?" and other similar questions, she asked to no one in particular, and I reminded her of the pants I gave her, and it wasn't long before she couldn't hold it.

She said as much, and as she started peeing her pants, she said "Oh thank god," which struck me as an odd thing to say....

