Another Drunk Wetting

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-12-17 05:00

Hey, haven't posted on here in awhile, I try to reframe from wetting as much as possible to reduce my mild incontinent/spasm issues. My 27th birthday also passed on the 11th, had an amazing day with my girl.

So it's been a good 3 months that ive had no genuine unplanned accidents, and ive been happy about it, until last night. I went out drinking with my girl and a few of my good friends who I haven't seen since my transition. We had a lot of fun, and I ended up having a bit more beers than I should have had, as usual.

At some point I was waiting to use the bathroom a very long time. Must have been at least 5-10 mins. I was pee dancing like crazy. Finally this girl came out, looking like she just finished vomiting. She looked up at me grimacing and pee dancing and groaned sorry in a very drunken state. I made it on the toilet thankfully, sighing loudly of relief.

My friend invited us back to his car to smoke some really good weed. The thought of it distracted me from going to pee again before we left, so I didnt. We smoked blunts and hotboxed the car. We got blasted out of our minds, and then he all drove us home. It was a pretty long car ride. After he dropped 2 of our friends off it then hit me that I forgot to pee, and not sure if I felt a bit of pressure down there or not, I was drunk and stoned enough to not be able to tell how bad I needed to go.

Then as some time passed and slowly came to my senses, all of a sudden I realized how bad I needed to pee. I started squirming around in the seat, and my girl noticed and got a bit worried. She said, "oh no babe you have to pee again?" and trying to stay confident I said "yes but I can make it" still bouncing my legs up and down for the next 5 minutes once we finally got to our house.

I was about to get some sweet relief and felt glad I was going to make it home dry. We said goodbye to our friend and got out of the car. Now, you know when your bladder is filling while your sitting in a car, then when you finally stand up the pressure is much more intense? Well that happened, combine that with the cold air, bad combination! Walking up to my doorstep, I grabbed myself, moaned of frustration, and handed my purse to my girl,violently pee dancing saying "omg babe please get my keys its really bad! I'm on the verge of peeing"

She quickly and frantically looked for my keys and tried unlocking the door. Now you know how some locks you have to jiggle it back and forth for it to move? Well this was one, and still being really drunk and high she frantically jiggled it back and forth saying under her breath "omg wtf?" Right then I felt the warmth begin to spread throughout my crotch. I was officially peeing my pants. Desperately trying to stop the small trickling flow, hopping up and down and wailing loudly "ooooohhh huurrrryyyy im peeing im peeing!!".

I tried stopping it with all my might, it did not stop. At this moment I knew it was time to face my defeat, my bladder muscles slowly began to contract. There was no turning back now. Finally opening the door, she heard a loud hissing and big drops hitting the floor behind her, turned around to see me now peeing full force and sobbing helplessly. She wailed out "ohh noo!" I started crying while still peeing a torrent "I havent had an accident in a long time! I was so close to making it nooooooo"

She took me in, trying to calm me down, taking my wet clothes off and rinsing the pee off me. She then took me to bed and gave me a kiss on my head saying "dont feel upset baby love, you were drunk, we all have accidents when drunk at one point" I mumbled "thank you love" and shut my eyes, and she came into bed shortly after, cuddling up with me.

