Sighting at the gym this morning

Author: pianoboo

*000*2016-07-27 19:31

Hey all! This morning, I was at my gym, when I witness a desperation show that I thought you would appreciate.

So, it was around 10am, and a rather attractive, fit, middle aged lady was standing in front of the door to the women's locker room, her bag on the floor next to her. Her knees were slightly bent, and her legs were pressed tightly together. Her hands were pressed onto her stomach, and my guess is that she was trying not to let them wander to her crotch. As I got nearer, I saw that a "closed for cleaning" sign had been taped to the door, presumably why she hadn't gone inside yet. Being the antagonistic little shit that I am, I sat my bag next to hers and said casually "they always close the bathrooms at the most inconvenient times, don't they?" she laughed nervously and explained that yes, they did, and that she had drank too much coffee while stuck in a traffic jam on her way to the gym this morning.

A few minutes went by, and the lady was bobbing up and down quickly. Being the omo fetishist that I am, I was not about to let an opportunity like this pass, and declined to work out, thinking that I would go and change my t-shirt in the locker rooms so that I could stay and witness the show. A few more minutes passed, and I heard the lady next to me inhale sharply. I looked over, and she looked as if she was very surprised by something. She quickly laughed and said "if they don't get done cleaning the locker rooms, they are going to have to clean this floor too!" I smiled inside, hoping that they would take just a few minutes longer. Unfortunately, just after she said that, the staff member came out and he took down the sign. The lady rushed into the locker rooms as fast as she could, leaving her bag on the ground. As she went through the door, I could see a wet patch about the size of a softball on her firm ass. Wasting no time, I grabbed my own bad and barged in.

When you enter the women's locker room, there is a locker area, and then you turn around a corner to get to a row of toilets and a row of shower stalls, facing each other. I noticed that the lady had entered a shower stall rather than a toilet stall, and the water in the shower was already running when I got inside. I knew that I wasn't going to find anything out so I just went on ahead and worked out, but I really think that the woman could simply not hold it any longer. It was a very entertaining sighting, to say the least.

*001*2016-07-28 23:37

{{23 hours ago, vexer6 said:

What was she wearing?

}}

She was wearing some yoga pants and a pink t-shirt

*004*2016-07-30 04:25

Um???? @Joeybear1999

How is that illegal or creepy?????

*005*2016-07-30 14:21

{{9 hours ago, MagicMike123 said:

Pianoboo is a woman. I'm really hoping that the gender feature for profiles in the forum comes back soon. I haven't checked the server updating forum in a while though, so I don't know when or if it will.

}}

I hope so too. As a 20 year old chick, its kind of disturbing being mistaken for a man, and told that my exploits are "illegal and creepy"

*010*2016-08-05 16:50

{{1 hour ago, Joeybear1999 said:

Haha I'm really sorry I had just figured you were a guy, kind of rude of me I apologize

}}

So many people on this forum have mistaken me for a guy that I'm starting to be a bit concerned!

*012*2016-08-06 16:13

{{17 hours ago, Joeybear1999 said:

I feel bad about it because whenever someone posts an experience about a woman I always assume they're a guy, and there's really no sure way to tell. Really sorry though!

}}

Don't worry about it!

