My First Hold in a While...Uncontrollable Wetting!

Author: PNW_bruh1994

*000*2021-04-16 07:02

After a long day working from home, I decided to indulge myself with a hold. It had been some time since I held for pleasure, the last hold was on part of a 5.5 hour flight (shy bladders don’t go over well on planes). That being said, I also struggle with getting myself to the point where I release uncontrollably. I held live on the discord, but figured I’d add to the details.

I spent a little extra time on work today. 5:30 came pretty quick. As I’m working from home, I worked on some laundry. Realizing I lost track of time, I ran down to my apartment’s laundry room to move my clothes from the washer to the dryer and took my clothes back up to fold. It had probably been a couple hours since I last peed, and I felt the slightest twinge.

I had planned on running an errand once I signed off, but feeling that slightest need, I decided to go about holding to the limit. Before I left my place, I drank two glasses of water, about 24 ounces. Off I went! Once I got to the store, I made my return and walked around, looking at clothes and furniture. I could feel a slight uptick in my urges, but it wasn’t bad, maybe a 3/10.

I grabbed some groceries and headed home. Once I was home, I drank a 16 ounce lemonade I picked up at the grocery. Warmed up some Thai food for dinner and waited for my need to increase. I was at a 4/10 at this point, with over a liter of fluids floating around my insides.

Once I had dinner, I decided to put on the Great British Baking Show on Netflix and grabbed another couple glasses of water. I got to 1900ml, but still wasn’t feeling it all that much. Maybe a 5/10. That’s when I decided to bring in the big guns. On my last trip, I picked up some pre-made cocktails that used high-quality liquor. Being a fan of whiskey, I grabbed the old fashioned and poured it over ice. 100ml, just enough to bring me to 2000ml.

Almost an hour later, I felt my need increase to a 6/10. However, it wasn’t as much as I thought it would. Of course, that was with me sitting down. Standing up always increases the need for me. Maybe it’s the fact that the force of gravity is lesser while sitting than standing. I started to squirm and pace around my apartment, definitely sitting at a 7/10. That was the first time I admitted my need to the discord. Everyone was very encouraging, so much so that I decided to fill my glass with water one more time.

God, filling up my glass was difficult to bear. Hearing the water splash into the glass from the dispenser made me squirm. It was then that I decided to change into something I didn’t mind wetting, a pair of microfiber Calvin Klein boxer briefs. I set myself up on the couch with a couple of towels in case my need exceeded my will and drank the last bit of water. 2350ml of fluid taken in. I crossed my legs, not like I normally do when relaxing, this was with intention.

The urges started to hit harder and harder. I was fluctuating between an 8 and 9/10 and at this point, I couldn’t sit still. I stood up, squirming and pacing around my apartment. Typing became difficult, as standing still in one place made me feel like the bottom was falling out from my bladder. I began to leak here and there while typing. Not enough to show on the outside of my underwear, but the inside of the pouch was certainly damp. Again, I felt an urge and a dropping out of my pelvic floor muscles. I crossed my legs, regaining my composure and control. I asked Shizuku if I could go...at this point, I was over three hours in and had 2350ml inside me, somewhere between reaching my kidneys and hitting my bladder. She took pity on me, and gave me the permission to let loose.

I ran into the shower, at this point pinching off my dick, trembling from the pressure to prevent the dam from bursting. Seconds later, my pelvic muscles dropped again. This time, I lost all control. All the urine I had been holding rushed out of me, right into my Calvin Klein’s. It must’ve been a good minute and a half before my stream slowed. Once I stopped, I’d push again and let loose another stream, one after another. It must’ve been a total of two minutes of peeing. This was the end result:

Spoiler

&&

Still trembling, I started the shower so I could clean myself and the tub up. I pushed one more time, and even then some pee trickled out. I thought there was no way I could have more within me! An hour later, I’m filling up again. So much for a good nights sleep! Here’s to more sharing with you in the future.

*003*2021-04-19 22:43

{{On 4/16/2021 at 2:23 PM, LilMiss said:

Great write up! Always nice to read something like this and I appreciate all content other people give us, whether with pics or not (although...fwiw there's a pic of the boxers, so...?)

}}

Thanks! Hopefully I’ll have some more content for y’all soon!

