Accident in School

Author: PantsWetter

*000*2018-04-10 01:14

When I was a kid I would have a lot of accidents. Sometimes even once every three days. I was just really bad at controlling my bladder. I have so many stories to tell about accidents in school. I even have had accidents In high school too.

This story takes place when I was in 8th grade. I was wearing boys skinny jeans. The were very white blue, almost completely white. The start of the school day was normal. I got on the bus, and went to my morning classes. When it was time for lunch I had to pee a little, but it wasn't that bad so I didn't go to the bathroom. At lunch I sat with my best friend (who was basically my boyfriend) and two other girls. Since it was cold we had to stay inside for recess so we just talked.

After a couple minutes my friend got up to throw something out. On his way back he slipped on the floor and knocked 2 chairs over. It might not sound that funny but we though it was hilarious. Everyone was laughing, and I was laughing the hardest. The more I start to laugh the more I feel like peeing. Eventually I started leaking a little. I was siting in my chair, dying laughing while peeing. It didn't show on my pants yet but my underwear was wet. Then when he got up he tripped again. This time I lost it. I was laughing so hard that I just immediately started peeing. 

Through tears and laughter I said, "I'M PEEING!" This caused everyone to start laughing even more. The warm stain grew into a baseball sized wet patch on my jeans. It was big enough for everyone to see and everyone, including my friend were pointing and laughing. I was still laughing so hard I couldn't stop peeing. The patch grew to the size of a softball when I eventually gained control. I just laughed along with everyone and asked to go to the nurse. The nurse called my mom and she came with a pair of underwear and pants. No one would stop talking about it for the rest of the day.

