Bursting at a family gathering

Author: Pollock25

*000*2022-08-09 16:12

This is a situation that happened to me a few months ago.

I was attending a family gathering at a house one Friday evening and decided just to go straight from work. I left work around 6pm and had a short drive to my destination. I was wearing smart black trousers, a pink shirt, tie and black shoes. I wasn’t planning on staying long so I didn’t bother with a change of clothes.

As I was driving I was wishing I’d went to the toilet before leaving, it wasn’t urgent but I didn’t want to have to excuse myself when I got there. I arrived about 6:30 and said hello to everyone. There were still a few more people to arrive so I grabbed a Diet Coke and went to sit with some friends and family. Another 30 minutes had passed and I was starting to feel a bit desperate. It didn’t help my belt was pushing against my bladder.

I was sitting round the back of the table so I didn’t want to have to push past. I continued to have a few more drinks and after another hour I was bursting to go. I had a few things to eat too that didn’t agree with my stomach which started to make matters worse. I had agreed to give Kelly (a family friend) a lift home as she got the bus from work and didn’t want to get the bus home. Kelly was in her late 20’s and was wearing a pencil skirt, tights and a white top.

I decided I would just hold it and head home as I didn’t want to be in the toilet for a while and I knew I had to take a small detour to drop Kelly off. I got up and said goodbye to everyone and we both made our way to the car. As I sat in the car, Kelly said ‘I thought you would’ve stayed later.’ She obviously didn’t want to leave at this time. I said ‘Sorry Kelly, I’m just quite tired and I’m actually bursting for the toilet’ she replied ‘I need to go too, I was just about to go when you rushed me away’ I told her I’d been desperate to go all night but I’d rather just go at home. She just laughed and said ‘that wasn’t a good idea’.

We were about 5 minutes from Kelly’s house and was really cornered I wouldn’t make it. By this point I was desperate to shit too and my stomach was feeling very bubbly, adding to the fact I was already bursting for a piss. Kelly could see my feeling very uncomfortable and said ‘you can go in my house, I don’t mind.’ I said thank you as by this point I knew I wouldn’t make it home.

Kelly didn’t say much about her need to go and she even let me go ahead of her when we got to her house. I pulled up outside her house and we both rushed to her door. I quickly ran to the toilet and both ends exploded. It was such a relief. She then went in after me and we both had a laugh about it after.

