Shy Gaming Accident

Author: PianistPony

*000*2017-10-06 18:58

Hey guys Samantha here with another accident experience. I’m going to skip the introduction of myself this time and just lay out some background information about myself, so this story happened back in June of this year 2017 it was a Monday, which was good because I was free from my symphony duties besides from practice I did everyday at home on my own. I was given a few errands to run today and a dentist appointment just a cleaning i’ve always kept my teeth healthy and clean. I suffer from terrible insomnia at night so I usually don’t get as much sleep as most people should, I try to get to sleep around 3am and for the most part my body wakes me up between 9-10am unless duties call for me to wake up earlier. Anyway lets begin the story.

My phone alarm goes off blasting the overly used iPhone ringtone thats on practically every commercial that involves an iPhone ringing. I move around under the covers trying to get comfortable and click my apple watch that snoozes my phone for 5 minutes. I pull a pillow over my head knowing i’ve only been asleep for 4 hours desperately wanting more knowing full well that won’t be possible due to the dentist appointment thats in an hour. The five minutes pass faster then it should and my phone goes off again, I pick it up this time and turn off the alarm altogether before flopping down on my pillow once more and debate on going to the dentist or not.

Sadly knowing the right thing to do I drag myself out of bed and shuffle my feet down the stairs to the kitchen, I grab the cereal and milk and sit down at the kitchen table half asleep, I pour myself a glass of orange juice to compliment my bowl of cereal. I finish my cereal and look at the time, I have 30 minutes before the appointment, more awake now I hurry and clean up after breakfast and go to the bathroom to relive my bladder for the first time and brush my teeth before getting dressed in light blue skinny jeans a pink top white bra and multi colored striped cotton panties and head out the door.

Arriving at the dentist at 8:55am 5 minutes before my appointment time I sit in the waiting room responding to messages on my phone, a friend of mine Emma mentions she’s free today and would like to play video games with me today, I tell her all my errands should be done by no later then 1-2pm. The secretary informs me the dentist is ready for me, I quickly send a good-bye text to Emma and get into the dentist chair and open my mouth, 25 minutes later the dentist and I are talking and he compliments me on my health teeth and we quickly make the next appointment for 6 months. I get into my car and check the clock which tells me it’s 9:40am I drive to the post office to deliver a few packages for my mom then stop at the dry-cleaners to pick up my dad suits then make a quick stop to the grocery story to pick up the food that would be required to feed the hungry bellies of our family this week.

Arriving at the grocery store at at 11am I squirm around in my car noticing my bladder is fulling realizing it’s been close to 5 hours since I went this morning, I get out of my car and pull my jeans up as tight as I can before walking into the store. I shop around the store checking off my list as I go, I pick up a few things that I want along the way, some chips and tea bags with sugar and lemon all the necessities to make my homemade ice tea which I was running low on.

During the day the grocery store has only 3 isles open the lines are all longer then they should be, I get on the shortest one and cross my legs tightly as I patiently wait my turn, while I wait I text Emma telling her i’m almost done and will be home soon, I uncross my legs and shake my legs a bit and pull up my jeans as tightly as I can once again noticing the need of my bladder worsening. Before I know it they are scanning my food I stand there with my legs crossed desperately tight as I pay, I walk to the car and put my bags in my car and the cart away I sit down in my car and hold myself slightly relived I can get some privacy to help my bladder muscles with there battle against my urine.

After the 15 minute drive home I arrive at my house at 11:45am I walk into my house with the groceries I just bought, I quickly walk to the kitchen and put the bags on the table and do a bit of a pee pee dance knowing the next thing I have to do is get to the bathroom.

My dog barks and I know I haven’t walked him yet today, I decide to let him go out in the back yard which is fenced in so he can use the bathroom and run around getting some fresh air, I go to the kitchen and quickly put the groceries in there respective places, finally finished with all my errands I let Snowball back in and grab myself. Knowing it’s been nearly 6 hours since i’ve went to the bathroom I decide it’s time to relive myself, while I walk to the bathroom my phone rings, I look at the caller ID and read Emma, I answer the phone and before I can even say hi she demands I get on my Nintendo Switch and play Splatoon 2 with her, she mentions she found a group of “noobs” that we can get easy experience from.

I walk up to my room passing both bathrooms on the way too shy to mention i’m desperate to go to my friend and I get onto the game, I stand up while the game loads and hold myself and dance around my room knowing full well I really really should use the bathroom before having an accident.

The game finishes loading and I get into the lobby and join the game with my friend, I put her on my headphone and talk to her while we play the game, I start breathing heavily due to my frequent moving around helping my bursting bladder however I can, I sit on my heel and squirm around desperately Emma asks “Is everything okay Sammi?” I feel myself blush knowing how dire my situation is but I quietly deny of anything out of the ordinary. So the game start and we start playing, halfway through the first game I can help but stop playing ad grab myself in desperation, I feel a leak seek it’s way into my panties. Emma is trying to talk to me as i’m completing zoning out due to my mind focusing on my leaking bladder, I ask her to repeat herself as I hold myself and cross and uncross my legs trying to keep from leaking anymore then I already have. Thankfully I make it through the game without anymore leaks, our team won which was great.

I put my controller down and desperately dance around my room holding my crotch as tightly as I can crossing my legs bobbing up and down, I feel a leak wet more of my panties it spreads to my butt, I know it’s probably visible on my tight skinny jeans.

I cut off Emma from talking as she said we’re on different teams this battle and I finally realize I need to tell her “I have to go”, she asked “why?” I said “because I just do” still too embarrassed to confess my need for the bathroom as I pull off my headsets I leak really badly and it starts spreading down my legs as I run down the hall hissing and by time I get to the bathroom the pee is racing down my legs spreading around my crotch which is still being held by my hand desperately trying to stop the flow which isn’t working out at all, I panic knowing I just had an accident on the phone with a friend, realizing it’s futile to stop my steam as the sound of hissing at full force slightly muffled by my skinny jeans I jump in the shower to avoid adding to the yellow puddle of pee flooding out bottom of my jeans like someone just turned the faucet on the floor and finish reliving myself.

I blush in total embarrassment I walk back to my room in my peed jeans and tell Emma something came up and I have to go I hang up and turn off the game and go to clean up the fairly big puddle I made I look in the mirror to see the wet spot that covered easily 50% of my jeans, I take them off to reveal my colorful panties and blush at my own reflection knowing this accident was easily avoidable if I just told Emma the truth. I took a shower and cleaned up before my parents came home, they never found out about this accident. Thank you for reading these seem to be getting longer and longer, i’m so painfully shy even to my friends, this wasn’t the first time i’ve had an accident in front of a friend, I never did tell Emma about what happened and she hasn’t brought it up either, which i’m thankful for.

- Samantha

