Schoolgirl needs to pee bad

Author: peeme03

*000*2012-03-19 20:36

*click here

- to see the list of short experiments I wrote. This story is the expansion of No_3 in that list. Don't search for No_2, because I haven't writen that yet. You can find No_1 here

.

###

It was november 2011 when I had a normal schoolday; boring as always. I went to the bathroom to clean my hands after doing a chemistry experiment. Nothing special untill now.

But then, after a one-hour ultraboring speach of my physics teacher in a classroom on the ground floor, the break began. No, still nothing special. Or.... wait, maybe there was...... I was derived by the girl walking in front of me. I heard her say that "her bladder was going to explode" to another girl she was walking with.

As you know this is a sign that tells you to pay attention. So I did. Unfortunately she walked towards the girls toilets, so I felt a little dissapointed.

But this bad feeling changed in a very happy feeling when I noticed two plumbers were working in the girls bathroom. The girls reversed, so I did too. We walked back through the same corridor and stopped down the stairs we came from. The girl who had to pee did a try to walk upstairs when our concierge walked towards her. He told here that it was forbidden to reach the upper levels during break. The concierge is a very friendly guy an I'm sure he would have let her if she told him she had to pee bad. But luckely for me she didn't.

The girls stayed on the same place below the stairs for at least 10 minutes of the 45-minutes break. It became clear that the girl was called Emma. After these 10 minutes she started crossing her legs. Five minutes after this she also started pinching her crotch, which showed how desperated she was. Her friend took a look on the toilets on the other side of the corridor. "I'm sorry Emma, the plumbers are still busy" she softly said.

I had a look on her face and i noticed she almost started to cry of desperation. While her hands grabbed her crotch she let herself fall on the ground along the wall. With her legs still grossed and her hands between her legs she started to move her feets very frequently. Still 15 minutes break and 15 minutes of hope (for me at least...)

Five minutes later she started to blush. She opened her legs and I saw how a little wet spot appeared around her urethra. Apparently she was able to stop it, because it didn't increase for the next 2 minutes. But two minutes later she was flushing even more and a stream of pee was hitting the floor now. In contrast to the first stream this one was much bigger and she wasn't able to stop the flood right now. Within 15 seconds her pants were all soaked, but the the puddle of pee on the floor was still increasing which indicated she was still busy emptying her bladder. After a minute or so the puddle didn't increase anymore.

If you totally wet your pants in 15 seconds and you're still peeing for 45 (60-15) seconds after that, she must have peed with full force. Also, she must have a least 900 mL of pee in her bladder, because you can't pee for a minute if ther's much less in it.

The girls walked away without being seen. The girl who peed carried her handbag in front of her wet pants. People who walked the wet spot thought it was apple juice, because an empty bottle of apple juice was on the ground :)

*002*2012-03-21 07:06

Ok, thanks for your correction Slater. I can't edit it anymore, but I'll keep it in mind for the next time.

I'm not an English speaking person, so I use the wrong terms sometimes :)

