Very, very short stories

Author: peeme03

*000*2012-03-18 19:28

Ok, so right now I'm writing down all my wetting, peeing and desperation moments I've ever seen (in real life) in a few sentences. You'll be wondering what's the fun thing of this... Well, I will expand each story separately during the next weeks/months. I'm not telling you now how the stories end; I will preserve that for the expansions.

1) (I already wrote about this)  – > I was 15 (maybe 16) when we made a two-hour bustrip with the class. A friend (a girl) and I decided not to pee in the morning. We tried to hold it the whole trip, but that wasn't really a good idea.

2) In january this year I was busy making an exam when I was derived by the girl sitting in front of me. Her right leg was moving up and down very frequently. I thought this cleary were not the nerves and soon became clear that this thought was right. After an hour or so both her legs were moving left and right very fast. She hold it till the end, but not without problems......

3) During break at school plumbers were busy fixing the girls toilets. Of course we have more than one toilet in our school building, but it is forbidden to reach the upper levels (the other toilets are there) during break. What I saw was a girl sitting against the wall pinching her crotch and desperately holding it.

4) During my vacation we had a break at a petrol station. A car was riding towards us and I noticed there was a girl in it who really needed to pee. The car was barely stopped or the girl jumped out and walked to the bushes next to us with her hands between her legs. She wore soft, grey track pants like this:

I saw she started leaking. She pulled down her pants and underpants and the mega stream of pee directly came out of here urehtra.

5). This sounds like a fantasy story, but it truly happened: I was in Rome during a schooltrip. After a long 'toiletless' day we went back to hotel by bus. But as you probably know Rome is a very busy city, so the bus was packed. A boy and a girl had hold their pee the whole afternoon, so their bladders were totally filled. I was carrying an empty plastic bag with me. The girl was looking at it when she said: "please, can I pee in it" I thought it was a joke, but luckely for me it wasn't :). She peed in the bag through her pants. Nobody - except for me and the boy - noticed it because it was very, very busy and noisy. After she was ready the boy opened his fly and peed in it too.

