Holding and pissing secretly in public all day

Author: pnc

*000*2022-08-30 09:38

For a few years, I had dreamed of a sexy outfit in which I could play my favorite game: drink between 2.5 and 3 liters of water and hold back as long as possible.

But the most exciting thing is that I wanted to do it in public without being seen.

So I imagined my outfit with the criteria: sexy and that stays wet for a long time.

I got rather thin tights as well as swimsuits either traditional or in Lycra or vinyl.

My preparation is simple. When I wake up, I empty my bladder first and start drinking. Regularly, for 1 to 2 hours and in total between 2.5 and 3 liters.

When I feel my bladder starting to get full, I dress me up.

A pantyhose or two, a swimsuit, another pantyhose, sometimes a girdle. A very tight catsuit in Lycra or vinyl.

All this depends on my mood and the outside temperature.

In fact, I like when these clothes compress my bladder and stay very close to the body.

Then I put on thigh high boots from Aqua Boots. They are waterproof and heelless.

So that people don't see that I'm wearing thigh high boots, I cut a pair of jeans to recover the two legs and I put each leg on each boot.

For this to hold up, I have a pair of suspenders that hold the jeans over the boot and allow these thigh high boots to stay up high so that they don't come down.

I finish with a latex tank top that goes down to mid-thigh. The tank top is waterproof so the liquid runs down my leg and remains trapped in the thigh high boots.

In summary: tights, swimsuit, tights, swimsuit, Lycra catsuit then Latex tank top

Waterproof rubber thigh high boots covered with jeans held by suspenders.

And I add a coat that goes down to about the knee.

From outside we see feet in boots, jeans, a coat.

Then I go out to a department store, a train station, the metro. I try to keep my urine as long as possible and when I meet someone who turns me on, I drop a few drops or I explode and I feel the liquid flowing down my legs into my thigh boots.

I continue on my way, I continue to drink and so I try to hold myself back as long as possible.

I can stay for several hours to hold myself back and stay in my pee. When my boots are too heavy, I will empty them in the toilet and I continue.

I can run errands, walk around, try to hold back again and again and then pop out again in stealth and stay wet for a very long time.

It's not possible in summer because this "suit" is too hot but from October to May, no worries.

I’m waiting for autumn.

Here I wanted to share this fantasy with you.

*003*2022-08-31 06:12

{{7 hours ago, TheLoneRanger said:

I suppose the male equivalent to your thigh high boots, would be a pair of fishing waders.

}}

Theses thigh high boots look neutral as they are heelless. Nobody can see anything.

&&

*006*2022-08-31 15:37

{{51 minutes ago, Snowpants said:

That layering you described sounds fantastic. Would be great to be dressed like that, but with someone else, and both of us having a great wet day. In the winter months I like to do this by wearing my snowsuits/snowpants. I can wet all day without anyone around me knowing of my fun.

}}

The problem with snowsuits/snowpants is that they are not very tight. And I love when it's tight !

*008*2022-08-31 21:26

{{2 hours ago, Snowpants said:

@pnc

True but you could wear tight clothing underneath to still get that feeling.

}}

I can tell you : absolutely.

&&&&&&&&&&&&

&&

&&

&&

*010*2022-09-05 19:50

Next Monday, the weather should be very bad in Paris. I think I will try my outfit for the first time after summertime. I’ll try to post some photos. Hope you will like it.

