Should I pee on the carpet before it gets cleaned?

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2022-01-06 02:55

I got an unexpected call from a carpet cleaning company the other day — apparently, my landlord has put a work order in for a carpet cleaning. I've always thought the idea of peeing on carpet is super hot: It seems much naughtier than peeing on a non-absorbent surface, and watching the puddle soak in? Delicious. However, I've never been bold enough to try it. I don't want my carpet to stink, of course, or get permanently stained — and I definitely don't want to get stuck with a carpet replacement bill when I move out.

But what if I peed on the carpet shortly before the cleaner arrived? I could hit the puddle with some enzymatic cleaner (which I keep on hand in case of pet-related mishaps) and soak up as much as I can with towels. I'm sure the cleaner wouldn't notice a slight damp spot (and I could always claim to have spilled something or cleaned up cat puke if they did). And if the carpet gets shampooed immediately, there's basically no chance of a smell or damage, right?

So, should I? Dare I? And should I film it if I do?

*002*2022-01-06 16:28

It snowed heavily last night, so the carpet cleaning got pushed back til next Tuesday. Good thing I got the call about that before making a puddle somewhere! 😛 I'll update y'all next week if I do go through with it.

*004*2022-01-06 21:32

{{3 hours ago, liesjeversteven said:

I'd have a moral problem with it. Even if you're gonna kind of sort of clean the carpet before the cleaners arrive, you're still saddling up an unwilling participant with the consequences of your actions.

}}

They're being paid to clean the carpet regardless, will not be in direct contact with pee (enzymatic cleaner is not "kinda" cleaning, it's just cleaning?), and would have no way of distinguishing any remaining damp spots from melted snow on the floor or a spilled drink or whatever. The whole carpet's gonna be damp by the time they're done, after all. They're not getting saddled with anything, best I can figure.

I'm morally opposed to making a mess in public spaces, sure, but I'm having a hard time seeing a moral objection to this. Like, I've had sex on the floor before; surely that doesn't make paying for a carpet clean immoral?

*008*2022-01-07 00:28

{{58 minutes ago, MaleOmoFan94 said:

I would be very careful, personally I wouldn't do it because it's not my carpet, but the cleaners have likely cleaned up much worse things than pee that has already been cleaned up. I would cover the carpet with a thick towel so there is less pee for you and the cleaner to deal with. I would also make sure to really scrub the carpet with pet stain remover and a scrub brush. Also, the cleaning people will tell your landlord how dirty the carpet was when they cleaned it and they will charge extra if there are any traces of bodily fluids. Your landlord won't be pleased if they receive extra charges for dealing with pee. I would just make sure you leave no trace so you don't get charged for the cleaning.

}}

Useful tip, thanks!

&&&&

*013*2022-01-07 18:12

{{12 hours ago, slothmallow said:

I guess I would still err on the side of no, though. I can definitely see how it's extremely tempting to fulfill this fantasy, but it is true that it's not your carpet, and if you really open the floodgates, it could even soak into the foam beneath the carpet. If you can somehow mitigate the damage, like putting a towel down to soak up most of it, then maybe, but that might ruin the fantasy of actually wetting the carpet?

}}

Tbh, though I fantasize about making a big puddle, for practical purposes I was thinking more along the lines of just a few little squirts. (Which I probably should've specified in my original post, but oh well.)

*017*2022-01-07 21:22

{{20 minutes ago, Redd said:

I don't find anything wrong with it at all and say do it. In fact, I'd start now and do it several times before Tuesday. One, you have to try just sitting naked on the floor, and peeing. Another, probably clothes but standing so you can hear the sounds and feel it on your feet. Then you will probably want more, lol. The cleaners are used to getting pee out and likely won't have any clue. They use a giant want and always wear gloves anyway.

}}

Nah, too much of a risk of stains/a smell for my taste.

*022*2022-01-13 18:12

The update:

The cleaner came by early in the morning (ahead of schedule, in fact) so I didn't really have time to do anything, even if I wanted to. My carpet remains unpissed. Bit anticlimactic, but ah well.

