My first ever at home hold (with pics)

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-11-23 10:30

So as some of you know today began with a train trip for me, I didn't intend to do a hold but the bathroom on the train was broken, and by the time I got home I'd decided to have some fun with it...

I made a DIY diaper as I wanted to lay in bed, desperate, but I didn't want to soil my sheets. I used 5 menstruatal pads, and I enjoyed how soft they were against by vagina.

As I layed down I was getting a little more desperate, but laying down made me forget my worries and I drank about 7 glasses of water... I could tell I had to pee but it wasn't so bad so I decided to play some holding games with some of you, which made me realise how desperate I really was...

I held on for another hour before I had to get up and walk around as my bladder was pressing against my bed and my now damp panties so hard it hurt.

As I got up to walk around a large spurt burst out into my diy diaper, making it quite warm and squishy, I really liked the feeling of the warm wet pad against my downstairs... But I also new I had to go potty, NOW.

I sat down on the floor with a towel down on the floor and my stream started flowing. It flowed for about 50 seconds before the pads couldn't soak anymore (it was a very hard stream) I then had to stop peeing in order to avoid making a mess that my family could see.

As I stood up the drenched diaper squished between my thighs and let droplets of yellow pee fall down my legs, which felt amazing. I cleaned up and quickly rushed to the toilet, where I let it all go.

It felt amazing as the pee pooled around my bum and vagina, and then it started pouring out the sides and into my panties, and then the toilet. It felt so good to release since I'd been holding for 6-7 hours... As you can see by the photos, my DIY diaper didn't hold my entire wetting, but oh it felt so good.

Hope you enjoyed!

The pics are a progess of my at home wetting !!

*006*2019-11-23 12:40

{{1 hour ago, nc_dude said:

Wow! Very hot! Thank you!

}}

Thankyou!

{{1 hour ago, nappypants said:

Great pictures! Once you try proper adult nappies you'll be hooked, you won't want to be out of them...

}}

I want to try them so bad omg!!

{{1 hour ago, nc_dude said:

Wow! Very hot! Thank you!

}}

{{1 hour ago, Calvin1 said:

Very nice pics. Thank you!!

}}

Thankyou!!

{{53 minutes ago, sandy808 said:

Thank you for your wonderful story, it was definitely exciting. While reading it the second time, I just had to let my fingers play with myself

}}

Oooo this is cheeky, I'm glad my story excited you

{{37 minutes ago, mastert said:

Incredibly hot. Did you keep the panties on after?

}}

I did for a little while, it was nice and squishy against my princess parts, but I had to take them off eventually to have a bath and get nice and clean

*008*2019-11-23 13:25

{{Just now, BlueWetter said:

Mmmmmm that's so hot and naughty

}}

Always with me

