Time for a drive

Author: P155princess

*000*2021-10-05 18:19

It's my birthday. I really feel like playing I want to do something different. Something i won't do often..or again!..something devious and naughty. So I'm driving home after getting my morning coffee and it hits me.

I gotta pee.

Then I get this brilliant idea.

Just pee here. Why not. I have no where to go except home. It's my birthday. I'm relaxed.

But I also wanted to see how long I can hold out. But the idea of being naughty is to thrilling.

I can't multi task so I end up driving up my bumpy drive way. Pushing on my very full bladder. Then I parked.

I started to second guess myself. What if it's a bad idea?

$$

$$

But then I think..it's my birthday I can do what I want to do.

20211005_135018_1_1.mp4

*002*2021-10-05 18:27

And then I just sat there. Enjoying the warm feeling and enjoying the dreary ass day. Because it was suddenly not as dreary any more. I added to the rain in my own way..but I realized as soon as I get out of my car it will be coooold! So as soon as I got out of my car I let out another little trickle to stay warm as I walked to the porch

20211005_142349_1.mp4

*004*2021-10-05 18:28

The walk to the porch was definitely cold

$$

*013*2021-10-05 21:02

@Wettishfettish

I kept them on for a long time today. They did dry again

*015*2021-10-05 21:11

Yes I do

*019*2021-10-06 00:00

{{2 hours ago, Wettishfettish said:

Are they still on? Do they smell? Are you going to pee in then again, or have you already?

}}

I've taken them off since. But they stayed wet for awhile. They had a slight odor, nothing strong just a lil bit of coffee. And I sat outside for a bit. Wandered inside did some chores until I had to go again. Then I decided to let loose in my jeans. I ended up flooding them while standing in my bathroom. It was pretty awesome.

I have since rinsed. Washed. Folded and placed them away for a different day.

