Desperate sighting involving friend

Author: PCPietaster

*000*2019-10-13 21:01

A couple years ago, I made friends with a gorgeous emo girl who I’ll call T.We quickly became best friends and developed a mutual physical attraction to each other which was never acted on because she had a boyfriend. She was the kinda girl who wore stalkings and skirts every day of her life. She also had a miriad of health problems.

So one day I’m sitting in the hospital with T while she’s waiting for a Full Bladder Scan Ultrasound.

She’s already been figdeting a little(she has a tiny bladder) when they tell her their plan so she goes to the bathroom around the corner and empties her bladder. At this point I’m doing my absolute best to look uninterested.

So flashforward like 10 minutes and my friend’s mom tells her that she needs to drink water to fill her bladder for the scan. My friend fills up two full size paper cups of water and drinks them. And thattts when they hooked her up to an ivy designed to fill up her bladder directly. 5 minutes pass and my friend has drank 3 or 4 more glasses of water. I smirked at her and told her" You know you might want to slow down on the water, that ivy is filling up your bladder on its own.“

She dismissed me and I nervously laughed, knowing her mistake would cost her but I didn’t really mind.

Another 5 minutes passed. “You told me to tell you when I need to pee right?” She blurted out as her mom returned to the hospital room from wherever she had gone. “Well I need to pee right.now.”

Another 5 minutes pass. My friend has her hand jammed in to her crotch, shes constantly rocking her hips back and forth and biting her lips. I catch a glimpse of her shaved pussy as shes figdeting and accidentally pulls up her hospital gown. In a pained voice she pleaded, "Tell them if I don’t pee soon, I’m gonna pee anyways.“ My jaw dropped. My heart started racing. My dick started getting hard. Here was this perfect 10 I was friends with on the verge of having an accident. I wouldn’t be able to hide my interest much longer. Just then we were left alone for several minutes, we had a conversation.”

Me: “I told you to stop drinking that water haha|

T:"Oh shut up, you’re not helping.”

Me: “I guess this is a bad time to tell you that I’m totally in to girls peeing their pants?”

T: “Eh.”

Me: “You don’t think thats weird?”

T: “Everyone has their fetishes, who am I to judge”

So now its been another 20 minutes(30 minutes since my friend downed her 4th or 5th cup of water) and that water is JUST NOW

HITTING HER BLADDER. T is now on her hands and knees on the hospital bed with her hand jammed between her legs holding on for dear life. She’s constantly whimpering and moaning in desperation. A nurse comes in and my friend pleads with her to let her go use the bathroom to empty some..ANY of her bladder.The nurse asks T “Ok so If you were driving, would you pull over to the side of the road and pee?” My friend gasps “Yes!”

“Thats good!” the nurse said. “We need you to be full for the scan!” This nurse had no idea my friend had drank half a gallon of water by the way.

Finally the doctors came in ready for T’s ultrasound 10 minutes later, the last thing I saw of her as they wheeled her away was her laying on her stomach with her butt in the air, knees to the side, and her hands shoved up underneath her, literally clamping her pussy closed through her hospital gown. She had tears streaming down her face and her eyes shut. The pinnacle of desperation! she was at a 9 ½ on the desperation scale easily.

I didn’t see her for over 40 minutes…

I like to imagine she leaked a lot on the hospital bed/floor during the ultrasound and had to clean up after. I like to imagine her leaking and leaving a pee trail from the room where she got her Ultrasound to the bathroom. I also often imagine how loud, long, and relieving the piss she took was like. We kissed that night, only time it ever happened. What a friend!

