Before Going Back to Class

Author: Psalm23_4

*000*2020-08-29 09:17

It was last April when it was already annoyingly hot where I live. That coupled with the fact that I had just bought a new thermos which could keep cold water cold (best invention ever) meant that I had been sipping water every few minutes on a regular basis all day long. I hadn’t been to the toilet since lunch and hadn’t slowed down on drinking and refilling water either, so halfway through my final period (80 minutes) I was crossing and recrossing my legs and trying my best to suppress my fidgeting. It should be noted that as much as I like omorashi I am never a fan of public desperation and humiliation, nor am I a fan of being distracted in lessons in such a way. So I managed to overcome the embarrassment and raise my hand to ask to go to the toilet, and thankfully was allowed to go.

As soon as I locked the door of the cubicle behind me I knew I was safe and could play a bit with my full bladder. Leaning on the door I peeled my panties and leggings all the way down to my heels, my legs pressed tightly together. The waistband of my skirt was cutting into my bladder so I pulled it up higher and gathered the hem of the skirt with my left arm, so that I was naked below the waist. With my right hand I held on to my now naked private parts and gave it a squeeze, trying to find the right spot to apply extra pressure to and help hold back the ocean boiling inside me. I was surprised at the instant relief it provided and found it interesting that I was doing this right in front of a toilet.

I would have liked to press on my bladder a bit and test exactly how full I was, but standing in plain sight of a toilet with panties around my ankles proved to be too much. All of a sudden a spurt escaped, and I gasped as I felt my hand dampen. Wasting no time I flung myself onto the toilet, sighing deeply in relief as hours of pent-up liquid splashed onto the water below me. At some point I took a look at it and found that my stream was clear as water; I had indeed been well-hydrated.

I do not indulge in omo-related adventures nearly as much and as hardcore as many of us do, and I am aware that this was rather short and far from extreme desperation, but nevertheless it had proven to be the highlight of an otherwise boring early summer afternoon. After my stream died down I sat for a few extra seconds as my legs felt weak, before wiping myself and cleaning up properly. Then I quickly went back to class; no one was the wiser.

