Princess has some fun

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-11-27 00:47

So as some of you know (from my previous stories) my boss is really strict on arriving on time and bathroom breaks, as we only have one person on the cash registers at a time. I started work early this morning and unlike other days I had taken my morning pee. I drank two bottles of water during my time at work which I thought nothing of, I could feel my bladder becoming a little heavy but it wasn't anything major. When I clicked off I definitely had to pee but decided I'd hold it until I got home. I got progressively more desperate as my walk went on but nothing I couldn't handle. I held my crotch through my pants for most of the walk, and didn't have any spurts or leaks!!

When I got home I decided to hold on as long as I could (as I often do) but then I had an idea... I've always wanted to go potty on my pretty princess pillow, as it's super absorbent and I like the feeling of it between my legs. So to avoid mess I took my pillow outside and went to the toilet on it... It felt so good to let my stream flow into the absorbent pillow, it was like a diaper, it grew nice and warm between my legs.

Here are the pictures I took!! My panties got so soaked they're even soaking through the jeans I'm about to wear out (and wet in later ;))

&&

&&

*002*2019-11-27 00:50

{{1 minute ago, JetStreamPhoto said:

Sexy photos! thanks for sharing. You must be in Australia or something given the time change.

}}

I am!

*005*2019-11-27 00:58

{{4 minutes ago, JetStreamPhoto said:

I am envious of the blue sunny sky and warm enough to be outside in bra and panties since it snowed about 40cm last night and this morning. I am ready for summer to return so I can resume some outside Omo play times again!

Maybe tomorrow, I'll write my name in the snow using pee - LOL!!!

}}

That's a very good idea, it's been sooo hot here ... It always is hahaa

{{7 minutes ago, WetNick88 said:

Mmmm v sexy. Especially the last and the expectation of more wetting to come....

}}

I'll be sure to take pics

