The Incident at the Parmacy (WITH PICS)

Author: PrincessEsther

*000*2018-04-12 23:03

The Incident at the Pharmacy (with pictures)

Hello everybody. Let’s see if I can gather my thoughts and control myself long enough to type this. This JUST happened, and I just got out of the shower a few minutes ago. I haven’t ‘enjoyed’ myself to this experience yet, but I plan on it tonight.

Okay. So I’ll start by describing myself, despite having pictures available on this post. I’m a Hispanic trans woman with long curly hair. I’m still early in my transition, but doing well, so I guess I genuinely look like a woman? I’d like to think I have a cute butt. I was wearing blue jeans and a tan colored Zelda shirt? Umm, blue shoes? My breasts are small, but not like, invisible by any means. Sorry I don’t describe myself very well.

Anyways. So I was running errands today. I had a tall glass of water and peed before I left. I spent a few hours doing things around town, and went to get lunch. There’s this little place that makes this salad that’s soooo good, and I never like salads, so I go there every so often for the only one I actually like. Anyways. I get a soda with it, and just enjoy myself for a little bit.

Now I was basically done with my errands except that I needed to pick up my hormones sometime today. I was basically chilling at the restaurant waiting for the guy to call me back and say that my prescription was ready. And he did. So I left and drove over.

Now this pharmacy, it’s like, not a Walgreens or CVS, so the staff is the same people all the time basically. But they’re the only place close to me that’ll give me my estrogen in the right dose and method of delivery. The cashier knows me by name at this point, and is very familiar with the fact that I’m trans. I do not buy my pull-ups or diapers here. He like, knows me. I do not want to mix my kink and medical life. We only see each other once or twice a month, but he knows me and is friendly with me. I have a little bit of a crush on him that I’m not going to do anything about, but you know. I’m not bringing kink here.

So I go in to pick it up, and he tells me it’s actually going to be a few more minutes. I sit down and wait for a little bit. Now, entering the pharmacy, I would describe myself at maybe a 6/10 on the bladder scale. 7/10 maximum. I don’t think of it as a problem. But I am rapidly filling.

I wait around maybe not even 10 minutes, which is still longer than I wanted to wait, but I’m trying to be patient. But in the course of the 10 minutes, I’ve risen to a 9/10 easy. I stand up to ask him how much longer it’ll be, but my motive very quickly changes, cause the second I stand up, I start peeing.

“Excuse me, can I use the bathroom?”

“Oh, -Snuggle-, it’s usually employees only, but sure.”

And he leads me in, while I’m slowly losing control of my pee down my legs walking behind him. I rush in, pull my clothes down and just release. It feels so good. I’m in heaven. I come back to reality and inspect my jeans. The front is soaked. Inside of the legs are soaked. Back looks okay. My cheeks are burning.

I go back outside to wait, sitting down again, trying to hide myself. The spot is uhh, bigger than my hands. I could not hide it. After a minute or two of trying to hide to no avail, I notice the guys staring at me. I’ve noticed him checking me out before, but now he’s staring straight at me. Or maybe at my jeans. My cheeks start burning all anew.

“I hope I’m not prying, but does this happen to you a lot -Snuggle-?”

“I mean, not a lot, no.”

“But it happens?”

“Umm, sometimes.”

“Oh.” And he starts telling me about doctors and urologists that they have the numbers for, and I’m just lost, cause this is not the conversation I came here to have, and definitely not with him. I think he notices that I’m uncomfortable.

“Is everything okay?”

I look up at him, and motion towards my now cold pee stain on my jeans.

“Oh, right. Sorry. Uhh, it’ll be just a couple more minutes. Be right back.”

It’s been like 20, but okay. Sure. Nobody else is here. So I sit and wait. But sure enough, it was only a few more minutes. This time. He comes back with my prescription, but he puts something else up on the counter too.

“I hope you don’t mind if we give you these. For being a loyal customer. And for your, ‘problem’.”

Guy’s got a package of pull-ups on the counter. I feel like I want the floor to open up underneath me and just cast me into hell, so I’m not here. Anyplace but here.

“Uhh, sure. Um. I’m a medium size in these.”

He had put a large pack on the counter. I’m not sure why I’m accepting them at all, much less telling him my size. He apologizes and comes back with a pack of medium ones.

He rings me up, gives me his discount on the pull-ups. I don’t have to pay a damn thing except my pride. I am quickly out of there. I come home, sit in the tub, and release my full again bladder into my jeans again, this time on purpose. I take a few pictures, clean up, and started typing. Sitting on the bed wearing one of the pull-ups he gave me now.

Oh right. And here are some pictures. I hope it’s not too much for these forums or anything. Apologies that I’m still a little hairy for a gal. Also sorry that the front panties pic might be a little too “ballsy” to look like a woman in panties.

*002*2018-04-13 04:48

{{39 minutes ago, rachelkirwan said:

Oh my goodness, what a lovely story and I hope you are ok. I can't believe he found pullups for you, I would have died of embarrassment. What kind were they if I can ask?

Also you look adorable in those panties :)

}}

Oh, they were just Tena, which is great because I buy them all the time, but they actually have a pretty wide selection there. Almost anything else he could have grabbed would have been great too. I think they even had Molicare stuff there too, last time I looked. Which you don’t see in the states that often.

Im mostly okay. I’m trying to focus on the fact that not that many people saw me. I’m still like really mortified of what he must think of me, and actually a little scared of him maybe reading this. Idk.

I usually change a couple of details to keep people involved from figuring it out, but I’m pretty sure somebody could still figure this kind of stuff out.

Also, thank you. I’m glad you like them. I do too. :)

