Today, I did my first ever pre-planned hold. Here's how it went

Author: p1ssapprentice

*000*2023-12-23 05:53

A couple nights ago, I decided to do a hold. This has been something I have been interested in doing for years, but I never got around to it for one reason or another. My goal for this hold was to involuntarily wet myself, since that has been a fantasy I have had for a long time.

I decided that the best way to do this was to follow this guide for rapid desperation

, but with a couple modifications:

1. All water amounts will be around 333 ml instead of 350. The water bottles I have are 500 ml, so if I try to drink around 333 ml of water instead of 350, I'll get 3 servings of water out of 2 bottles rather than 7 servings out of 10 bottles. It just makes the numbers easier

2. To further weaken my bladder muscles, decided to pee every 15 minutes during the hour prior to the hold, regardless of if I needed to or not.

After I decided on what I would do, I decided to start drinking 333 ml of water an hour at 1:00 PM and schedule my hold for 11 PM. This is because I live with other people and I could not begin my hold until they fell asleep.

Here are the notes I took the hour prior to my hold:

10:30: (at this point, I was drinking 333 ml of water every 15 mins) I feel a little bit bloated from all of the water, but I am sure I will be fine. My bladder muscles do not feel any weaker than they typically are, but that could simply be that I am not holding right now.

10:45: My bladder felt a slight twinge when it saw that number on the clock, but I think it is just because I knew I was going to pee at that time. Still feeling strong, and I am not feeling any more bloated than I was before I drank the extra water.

And here are the notes I took during my hold:

11:00: Still feeling pretty strong right now. No twinge from my bladder or anything like that. I've currently got two full liters of water nearby so that I do not have to refill them myself when I become desperate. My goal for this hold is 12:00. I will, of course, keep going until I unintentionally wet myself, but I will be happy with myself if I can make it to midnight.

11:15: I am feeling a slight urge to pee, but I am hoping that is only because I am used to peeing every 15 minutes. It is nowhere near unbearable, but it's still a bit worrying that I need to go after only 15 minutes....

11:30: I am oddly feeling better than I expected. I do definitely need to pee, but I am not at all desperate. I ate a snack around 11:20, but I don't think that should have too much of an impact. Even if it did, wouldn't it take longer than ~10 minutes?

11:45: Slowly getting more desperate. I haven't started leaking yet, but I expect that I will before midnight. There have been a couple of waves where I was almost leaking, but I managed to hold it in.

12:00: I am incredibly surprised that I have made it this far without leaking. My bladder has consumed my full attention, and I am barely able to focus on the youtube videos I am watching to pass the time. Once I start leaking, I am afraid that I won't be able to stop.

12:15: I AM BURSTING! The pain in my bladder is something that I have never felt before. I am completely shocked that I have not bursted yet. If I am dry for too much longer, I am just gonna pee and put an estimated measurement here.

12:20: I could not handle the pain anymore. I ended up bursting into the nearest containers. After measuring my pee, I found that I was able to hold about 1250 ml without wetting myself. I'm not sure how I managed to last that long without even leaking once.

I think I am going to try this again tomorrow night, although with slightly less lead up time. My plan is to keep everything the same, but to pee every five minutes two hours before I start holding. Hopefully then I will be able to involuntarily wet myself.

