Wet patch after online call

Author: Pee jeans

*000*2020-05-30 06:07

Yesterday afternoon I was in my office and I was having a Skype call with some colleagues. It was taking a very long time, far more than I had expected, and after a while I really had to pee.

I had drunk a lot of water that morning, plus two cups of tea, and the last time I had peed was at home, about 8 hours before.

Anyway, I was getting more and more desperate and I had to hold myself to keep all my pee in. I hoped that nobody would pay attention to my squirming movement, and I tried to stay as still as possible with the upper part of my body. I thought to pee in the empty bottle I had on my desk, but I had the microphone open, so everyone would have heard the dripping and splashing of my pee coming out; moreover a single 0.5 ml bottle wouldn't have been enough, and I wasn't sure to be able to stop the flow of pee, once started.

Then, finally, the call came to an end, and I ran towards the toilets; luckily my university is rather empty during this period, so I could walk while still holding myself. I was in sight of the toilets when I lost the first spurt; just a few drops, nothing visible luckily. But when I was in front of the urinal, unzipping my shorts, a second, bigger spurt came out. I didn't loose time to look at the damage, pull out my penis and finally peed in the urinal. I loved forever and when I finished, I examined the damage if my shorts; it wasn't a big patch luckily, as you can see by my photos.

$$

$$

$$

