Actual accident x 2

Author: peedmypants

*000*2023-09-05 18:08

I have urge incontinence and I've always been able to make it to the bathroom with a small wet spot, sometimes a damp hand from grabbing myself, but nothing more. Last night and this morning urge incontinence won.

Around 2am, asleep in bed, I woke up with the "oh shit I'm about to wet myself" feeling. I rolled over to get up and felt my pelvic muscles give up. I clenched my legs as tight as I could while laying on my side but it wasn't enough. One hand shot down to help hold while the other grabbed for the towel I'd thrown on the floor after my shower. I managed to stuff the towel between my legs just as the flood gates opened and just laid there trying to do kegels to control the mess. The towel was completely soaked and I held it against myself a little longer to feel the warmth and wetness. By the time I managed to get it together there was what felt like a softball sized wet spot on my sheets. I should've gotten up and finished peeing but I didn't want to wake my husband so I tossed the towel on a blanket that needed washing and went back to sleep.

I woke up three hours later with my alarm. I didn't feel like I needed to go since I'd partially emptied earlier. I stood up at the side of the bed and immediately felt my bladder give way. I one again shoved my thighs together but it was just as useless as before. Hot urine pooled between my legs where they crossed and began dripping down the backs of my thighs. I took a step toward the dirty towel on the blanket I'd soaked just hours before and a torrent of warm liquid coated my lower body. 

I dropped to my knees on the blanket and shoved the dirty towel back into my pussy. There was no stopping it. The towel, now completely drenched in old and fresh urine, was at it's capacity. I kept adjusting the towel and blanket to avoid wetting the carpet as I gushed uncontrollably into them. I slipped my hand between the blanket and my legs and held my middle finger against the tip of my urethra to try to stop the flood but all that did was fill my hand with warm, wet shame. Terror struck as I heard my husband wake up and ask if I had fallen out of the bed. I told him I was looking for my phone under the bed while I continued to void into the blanket. Once my bladder was fully empty I spent a moment with my pussy pressed against the oversaturated towel and felt my warm, voided urine drip and wet my feet.

Aside from the absolute shock of almost wetting my bed and actually wetting myself accidentally for the first time since childhood, it was a very pleasant way to wake up. If my husband wasn't home or I had been alone in the bed, I wouldn't have worried about towels and would've just ruined my mattress.

It excited me so much that I'm planning a hold on my hour drive home tonight and if I don't wet my pants in the car, I'll for sure empty myself in the driveway before walking in.

*003*2023-09-07 19:34

{{5 hours ago, Dirtyswags said:

Amazing way to wake up indeed. At least you're seeing the bright side of it. What do you think your husband would say or how he would react? Do let us know about your ride home.

}}

I told my husband later that day via text and he just asked why I didn't tell him at the time. He didn't seem fazed by it. The ride home was great. I managed to hold an additional 2 hours before wetting. I went to take the trash out, doubled over as I felt the leaks starting, and involuntarily emptied everything while my legs were crossed. It was actually kind of cool, nothing escaped down my legs until I uncrossed them and then it was a flash flood.

{{4 hours ago, nappypants said:

Nice story, maybe try wearing a diaper to bed so you can enjoy the experience with no clean-up required!

}}

I'm not brave enough for that just yet. I'll wear them when I'm home alone because it helps with my urge incontinence but as far as sleeping in them I don't think I'm ready for that.

