First date with my girlfriend

Author: Pee watcher

*000*2022-03-03 04:11

First date I had with my girlfriend we still had to get to know eachothers interests, quirks and so on. I didn't know that she wets herself when she is nervous or just waited too long to go to the bathroom, but we went to a restaurant and we sat close to the bathroom. So she drank some wine and she ended with a water. Before we finished our delicious meal, by the way, she excused herself and kinda ran to the bathroom and she was gone like 10 minutes before she was looking around and finished her food and she had talked about herself a lot and she let me talk since she came back from the bathroom. She was very busy looking around and she looked at me and told me she was a little wet, she had a stain on the back of her dress... she looked so humiliated and I didn't want her to be laughed at, I loved the sound of her and I told her that I would hide her humiliation from the people there.

I paid and took her hand and I saw her wet spot and I stayed almost against her, it might have looked silly, but we got outside... Once she got outside she cried softly and I held her tightly and she was very embarrassed about the incident, but I whispered to her that it was ok, I had a fantasy about seeing a girl pee her pants. She said whispering to that she peed more than she dared to admit... She let her panties drop and she picked them up and she squeezed it until a few drops fell out... She looked at me and said "Do you want my wet panties? To remember our date." I put my arm around her and I kissed her when the church bells rang and we kissed until they stopped and the look in her eyes was just what I hoped... She grabbed my arm and she suddenly started laughing.

She said very quiet because there were people and she said "you know, I could pee again, but I'm going to wait until you can watch me wet myself in this dress... I never met a guy who didn't run or make me walk out of there without being covered like you did. I like that you even loved it! And that caught me off guard and decided that you deserved to see me pee because I was probably going to do it anyway. " I looked all over her and she had this gorgeous shoes so I complimented her about them and she showed me her feet and she looked so hot. She smiled from ear to ear and giggled as I was joking around and she had a warm deep laugh, so once we left main street she made me stand 4 feet from her and I knew that she was going to wet herself for me.

She stood there and spreading her legs just a little and I was probably staring like a nut, but she giggled and I could hear her pee and her dress got darker and darker... she let go and she peed a long time and there was a giant puddle under her dress and she looked at me and she let me touch her wet dress and I look like a dope. My blood got sucked out of my brain and I didn't even talked normal but made up for it when she asked if I loved looking at her and I kissed her feet. She looked a little overwhelmed and she whispered "I love the way you think!"

And I complimented her about her cute little toes, she looked at me and she just grabbed my arm and I wrapped her in my arms and she looked at me with love in her eyes and she talked about her life pissing her about the problem that it presented and how she only had ever been rejected. I hugged her and asked her if she wanted me to walk her home and maybe if she loved our date, maybe do it again... She looked at me and she was crying, but they were happy tears, she asked me with a trembling voice if I had despite of her peeing at least a good time? I was wondering if I was going too far, but I said that I loved every drop of it...

She let a laugh escape and I hugged her and whispered want to get a piggy ride home and she let me pick her up and I took her shoes of and she whispered and said to be careful with her feet, sure they look cute but they smell like pee now... We almost were at her home and she lived with her parents, so I had to put her on the floor and kiss her there again until she took my hand and stroked her still wet and she whispered "Do you feel how wet my feet are in my shoes" I just kissed her toes and asked her if she was free for next week or just any day and she said can I see you tomorrow? And 6 years later we still enjoy whenever she needs to pee...

