My Omo-Origin: Gaming and Wetting

Author: PMDP

*000*2020-08-23 19:49

(A recap of my latest video for reading pleasure

I realized how much I stuttered and tripped over my words when filming the actual video....also attempted to edit the paragraph ...SO IF I MISSED SOMETHING....

MIND YA BUSINESS

Hi i'm PMDP or -Pissing My Damn Pants-

This is my OMO-origin story.

Let's talk about some stuff before we get into this.

1. If you watch the video and see me looking at my computer for a moment while I do this, it's because I wrote up some talking points and made a list of things of things I want to talk about to keep myself from losing track.

Also if it bothers you that I jotted some talking points down- just ask yourself one question.

Dooooo ya want the pee video or not?

Yeah? Okay then.

If you've seen my videos before, look for a "Mini" easter egg - I'll tell you the answer at the end.

I'm also going to say thank you to the wonderful person that bought my wet panties(you know who you are)-

I am wearing a pair of pink striped panties that have been peed in 2x now- this being the third (as requested)

And yes - that was a shameless plug you're welcome for thay

By now if you watched the video you may have noticed i'm wearing a bandana, here is why.

1. We want to stay safe during COVID-remember 6ft apart everybody.

2. I look way different than in the past- about 170 pounds different, so if you've seen me in the past- we don't know her anymore.

3. Over the years, i've run into some weirdos that have gone out of their way to be desperate(not in a good way) and stalkerish to get my attention.

4.I want to keep myself safe and the mask is kind of a confidence booster and it keeps the creeps at bay too!

5. The mask matches my panties.

Going back to reason 4. Imagine all the secret fun you can get into because you have to wear a mask in public right no.

You could do it and they’d be like:

Who was the person that did that?

Idk it was some girl with a mask on! -

The world will never know that it was you.

Maybe this will give those hiding behind the flood gates a chance to come out play.

- Speaking of.....

Has anyone ran into issues with public restrooms being closed?

I know I have.

Comment the problems you’ve had below, if any.

Let me take a minute to say, If you make a mess or have an accident and it's on someone elses floor- Apologize, Clean it up, and get the hell out,

Also, if you do this, stay hydrated-

1. It's healthy and good for you.

2 it will help with any smells

3. You won't really have to worry about stains.

4. I am still working on this myself- If you've watched, you know.

If you have been around you might remember the car pee video? That one left a smell- which probably could have been avoided if I followed my own advice.

So drink some water.

Now back to why we are actually here.

I do want to say Thank you for sticking around to hang out and talk with me.

ALSO if you watch don’t mind the noise from my laptop- It's old and is trying it's best to run sims for me...which is about the only game it can run anymore.

And the only reason I was using it is to make the video somewhat-accurate.

Anyway-

So this happened 12-13 years ago, for those of you who are wondering or counting- that would mean i'm 24

Soon to be 25 in about 3 months- yay...birthdays.

This is back when I used to get regularly sucked into video games

It all started with Star Wars Jump to Lightspeed.

Then it went to APB, Aion, and then World of Warcraft- We started that one Beta and then went to Vanilla, so this would have happened around 2007- This would be when Blood Elves and Draenei in burning crusade.

As anyone who games knows- You can't pause an MMORPG, an online role playing game.

Especially in the middle of a fight- but if you walk away or go AFK, you might come back to a dead character or you could be under attack and usually theres no way to save yourself(unless you catch it in time.).

So, the best solution is don't get up and go to the bathroom, because you never know when someone is going to pull a Leroy Jenkins and kill the whole party.

Another miserable time is in the middle of a battleground.

There is no where to hide, once the battle starts there is no stopping it, you die while waiting someone can loot your insignia- then you have to wait to resurrect.

If you choose to exit the game you get that deserter de-buff and then you can't get back into the BG for like 15-20 minutes and it's a whole situation.

I've spent a LOT of time in Warsong Gulch-LOTs of time-

And before anybody asks

Go Horde (I do play this most of the time but sometimes- GOODNESS GRACIOUS )

But also...uh....

Go Alliance - Theres good RP and is good for decompressing when the horde community is being slightly- how do I put this- ANNOYING.

AND if I am real deep into raiding, dungeoning, etc.

I need both my hands-

- This is where I began to pee down my legs and onto my floor, creating a giant puddle on the pad that I placed for extra protection.-

Leading up to my first gaming pee, I don't remember ever having an accident which peaked my interest into Omo, the only thing that I had done was hold my pee at school all day and wait until I came home to use the bathroom- it did give me a rush from the excitement of not knowning if I was going to make it.

So I suppose that weekend I put my bladder to the test- I pushed it to it's limits with holding- I very easily could have gone because all 6 of the people I lived with were asleep and it was like 3o'clock in the morning, but I chose to hold on for pure convenience of not interupting my game and what I was doing.

I knew what I was doing when I made the decision to hold it.

I knew I was going to go one way or another.

But something about not having to get up and go to the bathroom was way more appealing and much more convieniant.

And O-mo-GOD the euphoric bliss I felt when I released was intense, I had goosebumps and my body felt tingly- after the inital euphoria from the flood that ended up soaking my ass and puddling near my feet wore off I immediately had thoughts of

"Oh God I just peed myself, Im sitting in it and I don't feel gross I feel excited and warm.- What the hell is wrong with me? and how quickly can I get this cleaned up, and what's my excuse?"

You know that feeling you get when you masturbate to something real nasty or something REALLLY weird. And you finish and youre just like- WTF - it was that same feeling....

Big High

With a LOW

But as you can see I decided to go with the flow..... and ended up here where we are today..

Did I wait until we completed the dungeon to clean up? Yes

Did I get the loot I wanted? No

Am I still salty about it- YES

Did I pee again? No because I was alarmed and oddly satisfied

After this experience it snowballed into a wide range of fun activities(lets just say living in the country and always wearing black leggings or sweats had it's benefits)

I realized toilets are overrated (I didn't incorporate messing until I had moved way way way out and into my own place),

I had no doubt that I could sneak around and just do it without getting caught

(To my knowledge I still wasn't caught back then- but I could be totally wrong)

I also very quickly learned how to do my own laundry - sorry no, not a baby-

Will and Have used diapers- but I am not a baby.

As I previously said I learned how to discreetly and convientiently wet myself (In my bed, in a car, in a store, on furniture etc) and over the years I have not been caught- unless I allow myself to be.

- one of these times includes peeing on a cloth couch with my family around mid-conversation - but that's a story for a different video.

Disclaimer- Unless i'm outside somewhere- I always clean up my messes.

I had previously created messes that I am ashamed of and looking back on them I would have done them differently-it's all part of growing and evolving- and not letting your sexual desires drown out your morals.

Be polite, clean up after yourself, even if it's a day where you're fed up at the job you hate and you piss your pants to make yourself feel better - Respect the others clean up- and ENJOY THE REST OF THAT DAY OFF.

(I am not saying it's right to pee and leave for the day- I'm just saying IF it does- enjoy your night off.........If they make you stay- I'm sorry, I guess just keep a spare pair of pants in your car.)

I do have stories of this..... yes...will they be altered for name privacy...also yes.....

BUT

Thank you guys for tuning in,

I'm glad I have the ability to make this type of content for all of us to enjoy!

I have ideas for other videos, fantasy (like completely embarassing myself in public- or embarassing someone I know- Throwing hissy fits, things that I originally chickend out on that I am doing again you know...things like that) I think I'm going to call them the "I wish I had" series.

If you're looking for straight forward videos of wetting, I have those too will continue to do them.

But because of recent euipment upgrades, creative collaboration, and other factors, and ideas.

I'd like to make these more artistic and personable.

So you learn a little more about me and my love of Omo.

I want to expand my world and see what elements I can add into it!

Depending on how everything goes- by christmas- when my desktop is hopefully bought and set up- we could add an element where only those of you who have seen my posts on here(aren't on here acting a fool ) and follow whatever rules I have. all get to tune in to a live stream.

Where we all know I'm holding and we know I'm going to pee at some point- or multiple points during it,

No warning for when i'm going to do it,

No acknowledgement,

No obvious statements,

I may subtly say something, so you have really pay attention to count.

And after the stream i'd obviously post how many times I actually went, mini video clips, etc. and maybe a story about it.

And if things go well enough I could give away a t-shirt or a gift to the person who guessed how many times I went and/or was the closest.

If you guys would like to see more of these mini-videos and some of my other ideas,

Or if you want customs

Please click on my profile and/ or send me a message.. if i get any pictures of private parts I didn't ask to see, it will be the end of some stuff.

(But seriously I am going to make the videos for myself regardless, this will just determine whether or not to post them.)

I hope you enjoyed this.

But seriously.

Don't forget to comment below and tell me what you liked,

Leave your suggestions,

Video ideas,

Tell me about your omo-origin,

Tell me what video games you played/have played/are your favorites,

Tell me the longest time that you've held while doing something you enjoyed and did you burst?

Have a great night!!

