Wetting while waiting for the bathroom

Author: pianoboo

*000*2015-03-25 06:20

First, a little background on the way my campus is set up.... each dorm building is the same, and all of the dorms are on one side of camps, while the classroom buildings and cafeteria building are on the other side of campus. There were no community bathrooms in the dorms. Each room shared between two roommates has on bathroom inside the room. The door locks with a key both on the inside and out, however you can keep someone from unlocking it from the outside by keeping the key in the inside lock.

Last night, I was spending some time with my boyfriend. My roommate was gone, so the two of us were cuddling and watching a few episodes of our show on Netflix. By the end of the last episode we watched, I could feel a slight pressure in my bladder, about a 5. It was around 11:50. Our visiting hours end at midnight, so we decided just to leave. When I stepped outside the, sudden cold made my need rise from a 5 to about a 7. After a quick walk to my boyfriend's dorm, we said goodbye and I headed back to my own.

When I got back to my room, I noticed that my roommate was back, and she was in the bathroom. I figured it was no big deal, I would get to go soon. After a minute or so, I heard the shower start. I groaned in frustration, and tried the door. Unfortunately, my roommate had locked it from the inside and left her key in. By now, I was at an 8 of 10, and I was starting to squirm. I wiggled my way back over to my bed and laid down, deciding that I would just have to hold it until my roommate was out of the shower, and hoped that she wouldn't take too long.

About 15 minutes passed, and my need was increasing. The shower still hadn't shut off, and I was growing concerned. Thinking in advance, I grabbed a sundress from my closet and put that on, taking off the leggings I was wearing. I was worried that I might leak, and didn't want my roommate to see that I had done so. Luckily for me, a soundness would conceal any small leaks that I had. I laid back down and squeezed my thighs together, my hand firmly clamped in my crotch. My need was a 9, and I could feel that I was about to start leaking.

Finally, the water shut off, and I slowly got up from the bed and hobbled over to the bathroom door. Just as I was about to knock, I heard the hair drier start up. Desperately hopping from foot to foot and trying my hardest not to leak, I knocked on the door as hard as I could. Either she didn't care or she didn't hear me, because the hair drier just kept right on going. I was dancing obscenely on the spot and gritting my teeth. I knew the nearest community bathroom was around a quarter of a mile away, and I knew I would never make it. I quickly began to form a plan.

Grabbing my jacket, I headed for the door. As soon as I stepped outside, I felt a tiny trickle start in my panties. I quickly jammed a finger over my pee hole and wiggled around with my thighs squeezed together. Luckily, nothing else escaped. Half walking half dancing, I made my way over to a picnic bench located outside my dorm. I took a seat on the wooden bench and made sure that my skirt was pulled up out of the way. I jammed my other hand in my crotch and resumed my wiggling potty dance in an attempt to stay dry.

I managed to stay dry a few more minutes, but I felt a wave of desperation, and suddenly my fingers were slippery. I clenched my muscles and jammed my hands farther into my crotch. The flow stopped after a few seconds, but there was definitely a wet spot on the bench, and I could feel it seeping into my panties, moving farther up the front and back. I was able to hold it off a few more seconds, and then another spurt came, this one soaking my hands and the backs of my thighs.

I was still adamantly trying to stop the flow, when suddenly, I felt a hot, intense pressure on my hands and realized that I was fully wetting myself. I pressed my hands against my crotch as hard as a possibly could, but the pee came jetting out from between my fingers. I gave up trying to stop it, and put my feet up on the bench opposite me to save my shoes from getting soaked. Soon, there was a large puddle on the hard ground, and I could hear my piss hitting the puddle and splattering everywhere.

I pissed for more than a minute, and when I was finally done, my thighs, butt, panties, the bench and the ground were completely soaked. The puddle on the ground was huge, and I had to jump up off the bench to avoid it. I headed back inside, and luckily no one saw me. When I got back to my room, my roommate was still drying her hair, so I quickly changed into dry panties and had a little fun until she was out of the bathroom ;)

*005*2015-03-26 21:55

I think it was the sudden change in temperature combined with me sitting down.

