Some Bathtime Fun

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-10-26 00:37

I came up with a really awesome thing to do in the bath! It involved some beer, a yellow bath bomb that makes the water look like a tub of pee, and peppermint oil which apparenly increases your need to pee.

I put this to the test when I got home from work today. I drank a fair amount of water before I left and picked up a 6 pack of beer on the way home. When I got home my pee was coming out clear. So I got started.

I started drinking beer and by the 3rd bottle, I filled the bathtub as planned. My desperation was growing pretty fast, and by the time it was full and the yellow bath bomb dissolved, I was pretty desperate. I slowly lowered myself in the bath, and my drunken state along with the hot water relaxing my muscles made my need even worse.

It became absolute pee torture to have to lay in a big warm tub of 'pee' while drunk. I started desperately holding myself 15 minutes in. I was in complete pee agony. All I could think about was pee. I knew I was about to lose it pretty soon.

Then I had an idea, I tried that start-stop method I mentioned the other day. I stood up, slowly let go and squeezed it shut. I did this 3 times successfully, then the 4th time my muscles failed and it just started coming out. I peed for about 2 seconds and stopped the flow. I started counting to see how long I can last, and by 7 seconds... omg... my bladder felt like it orgasmed, and it PUSHED HARD and my pee shot out full force. It felt so good I immidiately fell back into the water and peed my heart out for a whole minute. I felt like I had a minute long orgasm! It felt so amazing I layed in the bath for over 30 mins and couldn't move. Then I got out and wrote about this. Hope you enjoyed it

*002*2018-10-26 02:49

{{1 minute ago, Stanley79 said:

A new angle on doing a hold. Creative!

}}

Thanks

*006*2018-10-31 20:14

{{14 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Sounds interesting.

If you don't mind me asking, were you wearing anything in the tub or taking a bath the old-fashioned way? You don't have to answer, just curious. (And, I do have preferences, but still an interesting story either way)

}}

No its ok I dont mind. I was in full nude Bathing isnt fun unless your naked

*008*2018-10-31 22:49

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Whatever's most fun for you.

(Though I do kind of find the other way fun sometimes)

}}

I enjoy being naked most of the time at home

