A week at the beach

Author: pierplanetarpi

*000*2023-07-08 17:14

WHEN: Spring 2023

WHERE: By a large body of salt water in a warm climate somewhere in the Northern Hemisphere.

I walked into the master bathroom at our rented beach house and set the white plastic laundry basket on the closed toilet seat and bent down to pick up some pieces of clothing that had been left on the floor overnight. Among the items were my wife's swimwear bottoms and a pair of cotton underwear. The underwear was a light green color with a blue and red diamond-shaped pattern. But the middle of it was mildly yellowed; the yellowing extended a little ways back and most of the way up the front. The swimwear bottoms were even worse for wear, as while the black outside showed no hints or signs, the normally white interior lining was a mottled mix of various shades of yellow. I smiled, remembering the previous day and evening, as I put the soiled laundry into the laundry basket and carried the basket to the washing machine.

At about 10:30 the night before, my wife and I had been sitting in outdoor folding chairs on the sand by the beach. Aside from the stars overhead and out over the water and the dim porch lights of the row of homes about fifty yards behind us (dimmed by local ordinance out of respect for the marine life), it was dark. We could see each other but only as dark, shadowy figures, and the ocean before us was black to the horizon. Waves lapped at the sandy shore every three or four seconds.

My wife got up out of her chair. I heard her slide her pajama pants down and then she crouched low to the sand. She held on to my hand for support and over the sounds of the waves I heard a gush of pee hit the sand. It lasted for a good ten seconds before subsiding. Then, with nothing to wipe with, she pulled her underwear and pajama bottoms back up and sat down in her chair. It didn't matter that she had nothing to wipe with, however. Her underwear and pajamas were already wet, I knew. The only reason she got up out of her chair this time was that she knew this wasn't going to be a mere little leak but a flood. The can of beer she'd enjoyed over the past half hour guaranteed it.

I had made the discovery of the wet pajamas and underwear about ten minutes prior when I moved my right hand to set it between her legs and felt dampness. There was a wet patch about the size of a grapefruit on her pajama bottoms. I then felt inside and her underwear was wet from about two inches below the waist elastic down to where I could feel no farther due to the firm mesh fabric of the chair. It was no surprise to me, however. Though my wife can ordinarily hold her pee for hours, that all goes out the window anytime she is near water like a beach, a rushing creek or river, or a shower. 

If we hadn't been alone that late in the evening, with the kids and our friends who had accompanied us on this trip to the beach all in bed by this time, she would have either needed to still be wearing her black swimsuit or else discretely, secretly wearing a diaper. In fact, the last time we'd spent a week by a body of water she'd spent most evenings wearing either a diaper or pull-up under her clothes, not once leaving it dry at the end of the evening. But alas, several months prior she'd made the decision she no longer enjoyed diapers and even in a situation like this where she knew she would be leaky, they were simply out of the question.

It was always the water that did it. Like I said, if we're inland she can go for hours without peeing, even after drinking two bottles of water. But if she's standing at the sink, like to rinse dishes and load the dishwasher, sometimes she has to quickly dart to the nearest restroom. If we're hiking as a family by a stream or river, even the kids know that Mom might have to suddenly get off the trail, hide behind a bush or tree, and take care of business. So whenever we are near water, my wife is most comfortable if she is wearing her black two-piece that has a built-in skirt that comes most of the way down her thighs. The black fabric and the skirt work to conceal the evidence and no one is any the wiser unless, like me, they're doing laundry and get a glimpse at the inside.

As I started the laundry before gathering the family to a breakfast of bacon, eggs and pancakes, my mind wandered back to the black swim bottoms with the built-in skirt -- which was now going to get cleaned and freshened for another day, washing away all the signs of the previous day. I knew I'd been entirely unaware of most of the times over the previous day that the swim bottoms had become progressively yellower. It was inevitable when there is a spurt here, a leak there, every five to ten minutes. But I remembered a few instances I'd been lucky enough to catch and share in.

At about 3:30 in the afternoon the wind had come up and the already choppy surf had become too strong for us to comfortably enjoy wading and light swimming. Wave height was about four feet and that gets to be a real workout jumping or leaping to avoid going under with each wave. The kids were building sand castles about fifteen yards down the beach and our friends had gone for a stroll together so it was just the two of us. My wife laid down in the warm sand to rest. 

It had been about 20 minutes since she'd last been in the water and given that it was a very warm day with a brisk wind and bright sunshine, her swimsuit was almost completely dry. But when no one was looking, I felt under her skirt. The cloth there was anything but dry and when I didn't move my hand right away, a hot spurt of pee splashed through my fingers. When she got up a few minutes later to go check on the kids, the sand underneath her was dry but for a circle about a foot across that had clearly been recently moistened. I kicked dry sand over it to hide the evidence.

About 45 minutes prior we'd been in the water together. It was a breezy day and the waves were a little higher than we might have preferred. Neither of us are particularly powerful swimmers so we enjoy wading and getting in the water up to our shoulders, jumping to be caught by the waves and pulled a little bit. But these waves were big enough that my wife was actually getting thrown a little bit by them, and several times in the last few minutes had even gone under and come up sputtering, or needed to swim out of a wave. (For those who are wondering, no, this was not rip current conditions. Just a yellow flag day.)

She started to feel tired out and so was clinging to me, being carried on my hip like she might carry our toddler. In the water she is so light that I can pick her up with just one hand. Her legs were wrapped around my waist as I jumped through the waves, carrying her over them. And, reader, I know that you know what happened next. In the cool-but-comfortable water that went up to my neck, suddenly all the water around my hips felt warm. A hot jet of water pressed into my skin. I could feel it a little on the hand that was under my wife, supporting her and holding her up too. She had peed on me. Of course, this wasn't that much of a shock. It wasn't even the first time that it had happened this way today, but the third or fourth.

Earlier in the day, about 11 AM, we got out of the water to get ready for lunch. I sat in the sand watching the water while the kids put their sand toys back in buckets so they wouldn't be blown away in the wind or washed away as the tide came in. My wife sat down next to me and I knew it was inevitable she'd either just leaked or was about to, so I whispered she should instead climb up onto my lap. "But what if people see?" she whispered back. "They won't know any better," I said. "It's normal for a wife to climb into her husband's lap every now and then. Our friends have done the same. No one knows about the pee though and won't suspect a thing." So she climbed into my lap, sitting on my left thigh. And a few seconds later, if someone had been close enough to see and been staring at my thigh (but no one was close enough) they would have seen a stream of liquid running down it and into the sand for several seconds.

I remembered also how the day before, our first full day at the beach, that we'd gone on a walk as a group. The four adults walked together and the kids were on ahead a little ways. We walked about a half mile up the beach collecting shells. At one point I fell behind by ten feet or so and walked behind my wife while still being close enough for keeping up conversation. I did this for the "view" -- and I was not disappointed as every so often I saw a little stream go down the inner side of my wife's legs, or a few drops falling from under the skirt. She was walking in wet sand so as to not leave any "trail", our kids were too far ahead to see, and our friends were walking directly to the left so they too had no view. But I had a view -- a mighty nice one.

Epilogue: We were at the beach for eight days in all. The events in this account took place on the second full day. After the laundry was done we all got changed into warm, dry swimwear and walked out to the beach again for our third full day there. (This was a mostly private stretch of beach with only homeowners and vacation renters on it. Not a crowded public beach.) The first time we got in the water my wife grabbed my hand and put it between her legs and I felt the first spurt of pee of the day, about two seconds of hot water in the cool waves. This was a calmer, warmer day and we spent a lot of time in the water, and since she was in the water a lot she made no effort to hold her pee at all, letting out a spurt whenever she felt it.

I probably felt it about fifteen times (including a few times with my hand discreetly inside her swimsuit) and that's not counting the many times I wasn't right at her side to feel it. This continued each day we were there. When we made a stop driving home, she commented in a whisper, "I wish I didn't have to hold my pee again." However, she must have been able to read my thoughts because she added quickly, "But there isn't anything I'm willing to do anymore when we're away from the beach or water." That's held true, so I guess it's time to plan another trip to a lake or ocean!

*002*2023-07-08 18:30

{{15 minutes ago, OldWetGuy said:

I used to have a sound generator in my bedroom that would play constantly wave sounds or a babbling brook. I wore diapers to bed every night, and those sounds made sure I used them.

}}

Oh yeah, I've often thought about what would happen if I set one of those up in our room... I could never get away with it though!

