Rapid desperation fun

Author: puddlethem

*000*2024-11-10 19:09

I'm doing rapid desperation today properly (mostly) for what i think is the first time. i'm in prep mode. it's 12:45pm, and i'm drinking aprox. 8oz every 15 minutes (the traditional method says to drink 12oz, but when i've tried that before it's triggered my other health conditions, so i've decided to keep it to 8. I've had about 28oz of water so far, so i'm on my last 15 minutes before i have to start holding. before now, i've been drinking 8oz every hour (or doing my best to) and peeing freely.

1 - filling up my water before my last pee and i fear i'm not going to last long, i was almost wiggling my toes and the urge was so strong even though i had just gone 20 minutes before. heating up the last few oz of my coffee and settling in after my last pee!

1:30 - having to refill my water again I could start to feel it again, a low urge. i’m at like a 6.5-7 already, and it’s only been 30 minutes since I’ve started. I finished my coffee and I’m sure when that hits, everything will be 10 times worse.

1:40 - really starting to feel it now, definitely at a 7.5 minimum. I don’t have to wiggle around yet to hold, but I’m close. I can feel my bladder so full and I’m going to change into some tight jeans

1:45 - The tight jeans have made a huge difference and the coffee is definitely starting to hit. I have to squirm a little, but nothing too bad yet. I think I’m at an 8 already. Usually I have to hold for hours to get here. i’m trying not to hold myself until I absolutely have to but it’s going to be so hard.

2:00 - the tight pants have actually helped me out a little, but Ii’m still pretty squirmy. I think I’ll put on a pull-up when I have to go badly enough, because as much as I want have an accident, I’m not sure I have the time to clean all of that up today, I’ll save that for after we get a new washer and dryer.

Going to wait to change into my pull-up until the last possible minute, I hope I don’t accidentally pee my pants instead.

2:05 - a huge wave is hitting me and I’m having to squirm quite a lot, and hold myself I think I’m at a 9 and I really have to go, it’s all I can think about. Hoping the wave passes so I can get up and change because if it doesn’t I’m going to have an accident in like 5 minutes. Gonna try to go change I hope I make it.

2:10 - i started leaking while trying to get a pullup out and i had to make a mad dash for the bathroom. I was trying to desperately stop the leaks in order to get my pants down, but i ended up just having to get in the shower where i completely soaked myself.

I had a really fun day and i can't wait to do this again! hopefully next time i can make it a little more exciting 🙂

*003*2024-11-17 10:29

{{On 11/13/2024 at 12:15 AM, slothmallow said:

Hey, thank you so much for sharing! I'm so glad you had fun with rapid desperation! Were you able to get everything cleaned up okay?

}}

Cleanup went alright! it was unexpected but nothing i'm not used to, so it wasn't too terrible 🙂

*004*2024-11-17 10:30

{{On 11/14/2024 at 11:45 PM, ilikeadultvids said:

Not sure about you, but when I have done RD adjacent stuff, the wetting was just the beginning and I would find myself desperately needing to pee very frequently afterward. I know I have said this in a lot of posts, but while I haven't achieved this yet, I think this is my best bet for a genuine accidental wetting as those waves of desperation are really something. I just wish my circumstances allowed me to have that kind of fun as I don't have enough privacy to be able to do that right now.

}}

Yeah, absolutely, it felt like my bladder was so much weaker for a few days afterward. it sucks that you can't have too much fun right now, but i hope you're able to someday!

