First Time Trying Rapid Desperation

Author: Pee_Master0

*000*2020-06-25 18:20

I came across a link to the rapid desperation method post on here recently and decided to give it a try yesterday. I thought I would sign up and report how I did…

I had my first glass of water at around 09:30 and repeated hourly until 12:30, when my last meeting of the day finished. Then I started the hold and drank a glass every 15 minutes or so.

By 2pm, I was really starting to feel it and was bursting. I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer, I was squirming in my chair and kept getting up to pace around the room. Then, about 20 minutes later my boss called me unexpectedly. It was the worst timing, because I was hitting the point where I couldn’t bear to hold it any longer.

I put the phone on speaker so that I didn’t have to hold it, as I was frantically moving around and doing everything I could to hold it in with my hands. I just about managed to last for about 10 minutes before I felt a big involuntary spurt of pee. I held on a little bit longer, but then another spurt came and another, it was like a slow involuntary pulse of pee spurts. They got closer together and just as I got off the phone, I lost all control and no matter how much I squeezed, I couldn’t stop the flow completely. I rushed to the bathroom, pulled my soaking wet shorts down and the pee was still trickling out.

The feeling of relief afterwards was amazing, I usually can’t handle holding for long once I hit the bursting point. I guess the combination of trying the rapid method and being stuck on the phone helped get me past the breaking point. I felt fairly desperate again within an hour (I guess my body was still processing all of the fluid), but I didn’t risk holding it for too long, I think my bladder would have mutinied!

*002*2020-06-28 07:53

I've only had involuntary leaks a couple of times before, as I usually struggle to hold for that long. My shorts were pretty soaked!

