I Piddled at Camp

Author: PiddleFox

*000*2016-09-01 15:27

One day I was out camping with my family at a campsite. My brother, a few friends and I headed over to a corner store not far from there. At the corner store was an arcade. We went to play some pool with each other. I had some money from my father so I decided to get some Stewart's key lime soda because it was my favourite. The game was taking long so I bought another soda, plus second one for my brother. My brother didn't like the soda so he gave it to me. By the time the game was done, I have drank 3 bottles of soda. We all had bathing suits on so we decided to go over to the swimming pool. The thought of the water made me realize I needed to pee. I didn't go because I didn't want to miss out on anything. We got to the pool and as I stared at the water, my bladder reminded me I had to pee.

At this point I wasn't desperate but I still had to go quite badly. We swam in the pool for a nice hour, maybe hour and a half, and my bladder was increasingly getting annoyed. I knew I was in a pool and I could have peed there but my friends and brother stayed near me. I didn't want the water temperature to change suddenly and they notice. Another half an hour later, my bladder begged me for a little to come out but instead I decided to finally find a washroom. The washrooms at the campsite were like big outhouses for 2-4 people, obviously with walls to cover ourselves. I reached the bathroom and stepped in, holding myself, slightly bent over, trying not to make a mess. And how fortunate! There was a guy in one of the stalls.

I was terribly afraid of using the bathroom when someone was in the next stall or in the same room as me. I went outside and wriggled, figitted, danced, anything I could do to keep the pee in until the man left. I wasn't the best with bladder control and my bladder capacity was somewhat small. Three spurts of urine escaped my body. I squeaked and moaned. Three more spurts of urine shot out followed by a huge gush of urine. I crossed my legs but there was no use. I began to pour out all the piddle inside myself. The pee didn't leak down my leg because I was wearing swimming shorts. It made a stream going straight down into a puddle. Luckily for me, no one could have seen because one: I was wearing swimming shorts. And two: I was already wet. I smelt a bit funny though. So I went into the pool to let it wash off.

This was my first public piddle.

