First uncontrollable wetting

Author: Peepants1999

*000*2016-06-01 02:59

So today was a beautiful day, bright and sunny, my family decided to go to the lake for the day but I had to work till 3 so I stayed behind, when I found out if be home alone for sometime I started planning out my day, I drank 6 bottles of water, I went to the bathroom at 12:00 and told myself I couldn't go to the bathroom anymore, well by 4:30pm I was bursting to go, I had everything planned out and right before I started going a good friend of mine called and wanted to grab dinner, she told me to meet her at Waffle House. So I told her I would, but I wasn't about to waste what I had been saving to do all day. So I threw some towels down in my car seat and was on my way. I get to WH (Waffle House) and had to wait 15 minutes for her to get there.

By this time I had leaked a little but it wasn't visible on my shorts. I told my self I wasn't allowed to go anymore till after dinner. She finally got there and we went inside, we ordered our food.. But with my luck they got our order wrong, so we had to send it back and wait another 10 minutes, I had to go so bad I was tapping my foot without knowing it and my palms of my hands started to sweat, my friend asked if I was okay and I said yes I was just kinda irritated they got our order wrong, so we ate and I was starting to get worried, it was starting to hurt to hold it in, I didn't think I was going to make it because she kept talking even after we ate our meal.

Finally we went to pay and I almost lost control when I paid I got this cramp in my stomach like someone had hit my gut and I almost flooded my shorts right there I front of my friend and everyone in Waffle House, we went out to the parking lot and we said our goodbyes and just as I walked back to my car and opened my car door it happened, I lost all control of my body and was no longer able to keep from completely flossing my shorts, I was about 3 feet from my car when I started going, I didn't know what to do. I had a feeling of relief but at the same time I looked down and my khaki shorts had a huge wet spot and growing, I heard one of the people in WH say he is wetting himself, luckily Katie was in her car and didn't hear or see it, I quick jumped into my car on the towels still wetting a storm into my trousers, they were soaked for only about 10 seconds of wetting while standing up, it looked as if I had jumped into a pool.

I started my way home when all of a sudden it hit me again and I was uncontrollably wetting myself even more, I quick put my hand down on my crotch trying to stop it but all it did was make a shark hissing noise and wouldn't stop coming out. I finally got home and got out of the car to see the damage and it was bad, really bad, it went through the 4 towels 3 which were folded into 3rds and my seat cover got a little on it, as I was putting my seat cover and towels into the wash (still in my pissed shorts) yet another wave hit me I quick ran out the back door into the drive way ( I live in the woods so there are no neighbors to see) and uncontrollably piss myself for a third time.

But this time I did not try to stop it I just let the warmth flow down my legs and I looked down to see me standing in a giant puddle of my own pee. I was extremely turned on by this so I went and cleaned up and washed cloths as. I texted my girlfriend who is away at the beach the story of what happened and her response was in sorry I'm not there to help with that (talking about my irrection) and then she said next time wait till she gets home so she can loose her control and pee herself unctintrollably too!!

Hope you guys enjoy this story, only my second post but I feel like I am off to a good start! Let me know what y'all think!!!

