First Time Messing in Quite a While

Author: Perhaps

*000*2025-02-10 09:30

It has been a few months since I've last indulged in any aspects of this fetish. I used to live with roommates, so finding times to enjoy a hold or an accident required a little planning. Between a lack of opportunities and not really being in the mood at the right times, I ended up missing out on a few chances. Luckily, I moved out at the start of the year. Now, I've got a place to myself. After getting settled in, I decided it would soon be time to have my first experience at the new place. This past Saturday would be that day.

More detailed aspects are hidden by spoiler tags

I had a decent meal of pizza and wings the night before along with some wine. I woke up that morning, knowing that after breakfast, I'd need to poop fairly soon. I poured myself a bowl of cereal, brewed a cup of coffee, and sat down at my PC to kill some time. I wasn't sure if I wanted to do some errands that day, but thought it over while I watched some videos and enjoyed my breakfast. By 11:30, my coffee was getting things moving and I knew I would have to make a decision soon. After another half hour, the urge became strong enough that I had to decide. I dropped my pants and sat on the toilet. I wanted to let little bit out and see how I felt. I stopped after the first log was out and wiped myself. I could tell there was much more poop to come. So, I decided to hold out for as long as I could until I inevitably lost control.

I had a pair of leggings from an old costume I wanted to wear for this. I still had clothes packed away, including most of the things I'd wear for messing. So, I had a little race against time to find those leggings. As I searched through bags and suitcases, my urge to poop came on quick and strong. The first bag had nothing I could use. The suitcase, heavy with clothes, didn't have the leggings in it either, but lugging it around increased my need a bit more. The next bag had what I was looking for and I got out of my pajamas and boxer briefs and into the leggings. The snug fit was perfect and I knew they'd keep things in place, but not firmly. Now, I just waited for my need to continue to grow. I was already dancing as I put on the leggings. I continued getting frantic as the minutes wore on: shaking my leg, bending at the waist, crossing my legs, breathing heavy. Only about 10 minutes had passed since I let out that first bit on the toilet. I knew I didn't have much longer.

I struggled for another 5 minutes but couldn't handle it anymore -- I had to let it out. I waited for the next wave of pressure and allowed some poop to slip out, overcoming my resistance. My body gave another push and I pushed with it. A rush of soft shit flowed into the back of my black leggings. I could see a sizeable bulge in the bathroom mirror from the side. I could feel the mess, settled against my ass: soft and warm. I pressed it gently with my hand and pulled my leggings up tighter to secure the lump in place. I could feel the poop moving slowly down my left leg. I stood there for about 10 minutes. I continued to adjust myself, enjoying the feeling of being in messy pants once again -- it had been far too long.

Spoiler

I felt an urge to pee come on at this time. Not wanting to ruin the mess in my leggings, I pulled out my dick and pissed into the bathtub. I pulled my leggings back up and decided I was done being delicate. I rinsed out and dried the tub, before climbing in and lowering myself onto the warm bulge that was creeping down my leg. I felt it spread out even more, enjoying the feeling and gently grinding against the tub. I got up and sat on the edge of the tub as well, getting the mess further up my cheeks. I then sat back in the tub and laid back, getting comfortable in the mess I made. As I did, I read a few posts on here and on Twitter, enjoying the feelings I'd missed for the past few months. I was now coming up on 30 minutes of being dirty.

I'd had my fun and it was time to finish up. With that, I started masturbating in the tub. I began stripping off my leggings, now covered in my mess. I could feel poop dripping off my thighs and that made me stroke faster. Then, I sat on the messy leggings, getting closer and closer to cumming. I laid back again, breathing harder while thinking of the sensations of letting go when I shit my pants earlier. I released a thick, sticky load that dripped down my cock after I came. I let myself calm down, letting the post-nut euphoria take over my body. Finally, after all that, I turned on the shower and began cleaning up. It was pretty uneventful after that.

My first messy experience in my new place was exceptional and it won't be the last either. I hope you enjoy reading this story. I came again reliving some of the moments and sensations I felt while writing it. Maybe you will, too.

