Forest Wetting

Author: Purple_Penguin

*000*2019-07-12 13:57

I've been wanting to wet myself while riding my bicycle for a couple years already now, and I finally took my opportunity.

I bike to work most days; it's a 10km ride with a small forest right at the halfway point. I've been eyeing the forest for the past month or so, thinking it would be a prime wetting location. When biking, I wear loose capris in a black athletic fabric (super fast drying), a purple tank top, and flip flops.

On Monday, I had to pee a little at the end of the day. I chose not to go before leaving, intending to wet myself in the forest. I was very excited (and quite aroused) as I did the first half of my ride (note:squirming on a bike seat provides some lovely stimulation). I knew I wouldn't be able to let go while riding, so soon after my arrival in the forest I stopped off to the side, balancing against a tree. I lifted off the seat a little, and tried to relax. I have no idea how long I sat there trying to pee, but nothing was coming and I was getting bitten by mosquitoes, so I decided to move on. I went almost to the end of the forest and pulled over against a tree again to try relaxing again. I managed to let out a little dribble, no more than a few drops. My panties were a bit damp, but there was no sign of a wet spot on my capris. The mosquitoes found me again and I decided to give up and head home.

Wednesday, I planned things a little better. I had a 500 mL water bottle with me and drank it once every 1.5 hours for 2 times, then once every hour for 2 times, then every 30 minutes for 2 times. I peed a little throughout the day, because that was way too much water to hold all day. My last bathroom break was at 3, and I was heading out at 4:30. I filled up quickly; I was feeling squirmy and desperate and aroused for the last 90 minutes of my day. It was a beautiful feeling, I haven't held in months.

During the first 5 km of my ride, I had medium-strength waves of desperation every so often; the kind that pulses pleasurably through me without any threat of losing control. That's my favourite stage of desperation (besides wetting of course). When I arrived at the forest, I stopped next to the same tree I had used for balance on Monday. I sat back on my seat so my urethra wasn't pressed against it, and relaxed my holding muscles (the best I could. I'm bad at doing that). One spurt came out, leaking through my panties and making the crotch of my capris a bit damp, about a golf ball sized spot. My muscles clenched up again, making it difficult to relax them at all. With a lot of effort, I managed to let out one more spurt, this time a little longer. I could feel a small trickle going down my left leg. I think I peed for about 2 seconds before I clenched up again.

The mosquitoes were bothering me again, so I started off again, rubbing my wet crotch on the bicycle seat for some delicious friction. I was still feeling super desperate, so instead of relaxing as I rode, which I knew wouldn't work, I decided to push and see if I could get anything past the seemingly iron gates of my muscles. Sure enough, a small spurt came out, not much, just enough for me to be aware of it. With this new discovery, I pulled over next to another tree and half stood on my pedals, holding tight to the tree so I wouldn't fall over. I pushed as hard as I could, and out came a steady stream. It flowed down both of my legs, turning my pants bright and shiny, and dribbling over my feet and onto the ground. A very small puddle formed underneath me, soaking into the dirt. It took almost all my core strength, but I managed to release most of my bladder.

I rode slowly to the end of the forest, wanting to make sure my feet weren't dripping anymore when I rode through the park on the other side. I'm not so interested in having people see my wetting adventures. I love the thrill of doing it where someone COULD see, but I don't want them to ACTUALLY see. Once I was past the people in the park, I decided to try pushing again, knowing that my bladder wasn't quite empty. It was just a small spurt, but there was something. I kept pushing occasionally as I rode, making sure I never wet enough for it to drip down off my feet. I didn't want to leave a trail when I was near people.

My ride takes me over a pedestrian bridge over a busy highway. Very few people actually use the bridge, so I chose to stop in the middle and try to push out as much as possible. I was relaxed enough to let out a pretty significant stream. When it started dripping down and making a puddle, I stopped and took off. Looking behind me, I could see that I was leaving a small trail of drips along the path. My pants, however, hardly seemed wet to the eye, aside from the fact that they were clinging to my legs a little. A few minutes later, I was on my favourite part of the route, a long slow downhill on a quiet side street. I relaxed, intending to just dribble a bit. Surprisingly, a strong stream came out, making my pants shiny all the way down to my knees, and getting the bottom of my tank top wet in a half circle. I wasn't expecting it at all, but there was nobody around so it wasn't a problem.

When I got home, I hung my clothes to dry and had a very...satisfying...shower.

*010*2019-07-14 01:38

{{On 7/12/2019 at 8:39 PM, pdeferred said:

Do you think it was just that you were more squirmy on the 2nd try, or do you think you had gotten your bladder a bit more used to the idea of wetting yourself in the woods? I've always found it very hard to get myself to wet unless I really need to go badly.

}}

It was definitely because the need was stronger. I too always find it hard to wet if I don't need to go that badly.

{{23 hours ago, wettingman said:

The good news is you are past the hardest part. We are all trained as children it is bad to wet your pants. Once you do it anyway a few times, and the sky doesn't fall, and you don't get in trouble it gets easier to pee in your pants.

}}

I mean...this is hardly the first time I've wet myself 😂 I've been wetting myself at every available opportunity (really only a couple times a year because of living/laundry situations) for the past few years and it's not getting any easier. The only time it's easy is when I'm full to bursting.

{{22 hours ago, JetStreamPhoto said:

Thank you for the lovely story! I hope you repeat the experience many times and with more water loading and maybe some exhausted muscles so that it really becomes quite involuntarily to let it flow as it needs.

}}

I'm not too interested in filling up on water much more than I already did, because i do need to be able to concentrate at work and that's quite difficult with a full bladder. Besides which, I don't want to be so full that I wet myself anywhere other than the forest because I do ride along several shared cycling/pedestrian pathways and I don't want to wet in front of people.

Thank you all for the lovely comments!

