Does my girlfriend like wetting too?

Author: Peepants1999

*000*2016-05-29 08:06

Okay I am new to the forum and this is my first post. Please let me know what you think!

A little background on me before I start. I am very selfconcious about wetting, nobody know except me and I have never told anyone so with that being said this day was a big deal to me.

So I have been dating this girl for a while now she is a reddish/brown haired girl with a perfectly chissled body, she is shorter than me by about 4inches but she is still the prettiest girl I have ever seen. Me I am a 5'8 male, I work out a lot so I have a lean muscular build with brown hair and brown eyes.

This girl and I have gotten really close. And one day I picked her and a friend up from school and we went to a soccer field where on Fridays some college buddies and I play little pick up games for fun. When we got there she stated she had to pee pretty bad and had to most of the day at school but hadn't being that her school bathrooms are nasty. This was about 1:30pm and the fields are about 20 minutes from the nearest residential place, I jokingly said she would have to go in the woods if she had to go that bad (she still doesn't know of my fetish yet) so she groans and says she can hold it, so I go onto the field and time passes and at about 6:15pm we finally ended and headed home. Now at this point she was very desperate, she said she was having cramps she had to pee so bad. I still had to take my friend home who lives about 45 minutes from the field, she says she thinks she can wait till we drop him off to go.

We drop him off at his house and are about 15minutes from my house and there are no gas stations or any other place she could go between his house and mine. Now at this point she really had to go she was squirming and shifting in her seat and kept saying "I am going to pee, I'm not going to make it". I guess I didn't cover up my excitement because she could tell I was getting turned on by this, she kinda glanced at my crotch area and asked if I was doing alright "down there" and I smiled embarrassedly and said "focus on not peeing in my truck".

I was driving fairly slow about 10 under the speed limit and she looked at me with tears in her eyes and said it hurt so bad to hold it, at this point I realized it wasn't a personal pleasure thing anymore that she was determined to not pee her pants and it was starting to hurt her, so I stated speeding and got to my house just in time as a small spot creeped up the back of her pants as she went thought the Garage, I opened the door (nobody was home) and she rushed passed me and ran into the bathroom.

She peed for a good 3 minutes being that I could hear it because none of my roommates were home and sound caries through my little house very easily. She came out with a look of relief, there was a small spot on her pants where she had lost control a little bit and gone in her pants. She walked over to me and kissed me. She then asked if there was anything I needed to tell her, I knew what she was talking about but I didn't think I could tell anyone, I told her it was a secret, a touchy subject and Nobody knows but me.

She smiled and replied "I understand and I'm here when you are ready to tell me" when she said this I realized it was the girl who I might end up marrying, we've been together so long and tell each other everything, why can't I just tell her. So I came clean and told her, she pushed me onto the couch and sat next to me rubbing my crotch and said "its not my thing but I've never tried it and you never know maybe for you I will and I hell I might like it, if it turns you on I'll do it for you". The thought of her doing it made me extremely hard. We made out for a while and looking her in the eyes I told her I loved her for the first time and she said it back!

This was about a month ago and. She hasn't peed for me yet but she talks about doing it now that class has let out and we have more time for each other being we aren't taking summer classes. When she comes over she won't let me go to the bathroom till I am almost as desperate as she was the day I told her, and it really turns me on, we will be kissing and I'll say I have to pee and I'll go to get up but she says too bad and pulls me back on top of her and says I'll just have to hold it or pee my pants. And she has started mentioning it a lot more like saying she has to pee really badly but will refuse to go till she almost looses control. This is as far as we have gotten so far but as soon as she pees for me I will write that story and share it with you guys!

I feel like she is into it and this is a first, let me know what you guys think! Thanks!

*002*2016-06-01 03:26

I think I did my friend. I told her of my experience today and she was upset I didn't wait to do it with her!!

