Peeing under a Blacklight – an accidental accident

Author: PantersPeeNuts

*000*2022-04-19 23:54

Several years ago I read this post here 

$/44659-under-a-blacklight

And it planted a seed that finally came to fruition today. I happened to be in an indoor space that had a blacklight (something like an indoor glow-golf kind of thing) with one of my closest friends. She and I were going to be parting company soon, and I could safely head home. The place was also strangely not crowded, as it was early afternoon, before the school kids came.

So, I thought it would be the perfect opportunity to find out once and for all if regular pee (of a normally hydrated healthy person) would show up under a blacklight. I was wearing regular light blue jeans, which I knew would hide a small leak, but show a big one. I decided to let out just enough to be a small wet patch, and see if it “glowed”. (Oh, gray boxer briefs underneath, if you’re curious.)

I was probably at a 3 out of 10, so letting go was pretty difficult, especially being in public. (I haven’t done many public wettings; just a couple of well-selected, mostly dark indulgences.) After some concentrating, I finally let out a small spurt. I figured it would be enough to see, but it really wasn't. So I let out a nice warm leak, which felt like it was maybe an inch or two across. But I only saw a tiny spot on the right side of my zipper (the "inside" edge). It didn't seem to glow, like at all, but I had come this far... I had to be sure!

My goal was a small wet patch on my crotch that would seem to others to be a minor discoloration in the manufacture of my jeans. No biggie. So, a few minutes later I found the right moment, relaxed, took a deep breath, and let go. It was a slow stream, but even though I didn't really have to go that bad, it was still hard to stop once in full flow. And I knew I had to stop! (But it felt so good... and naughty.) Just as I decided to stop, almost at once I felt the warmth go from my crotch to my thighs and start to go down both legs. Now anyone who has wet their pants more than a few times knows there is a delay, as the pee drips and seeps its way downward. In that moment, I knew it was already too late for my goal of wet-crotch-only. I figured I had to be nearly empty already, and I was, so I decided to finish it off, and completely empty my bladder. I could feel that my crotch was soaked, my thighs were soaked, and I was wet all the way down well past my knees. Oops.

It was kind of a big deal for me; I had completely peed in my pants in public, and in front of my friend! And she had no idea! What’s more, it simply didn't show very well. Like at all. I could feel the wet, but couldn’t really see it.

Until… we went outside of the blacklight area, and I chanced a glace downward. Holy crap! It was so obvious that I had wet my pants. Like SO OBVIOUS. Thankfully, we exited to an area with tables where I had put my jacket down (it was chilly out, but hot inside), so I grabbed it quickly and held it in front of my wet pants. My friend had no idea. (She wouldn't have minded by the way; she has seen me pee in my pants more than once, and knows about my omo side. She would have laughed; but probably also attracted attention, which I didn’t want.) We walked out to the cars together, and then I drove away, wet, and horny.

So, as to my little science experiment, I think it's official; BLACKLIGHT DOESN’T SHOW PEE! In fact, it hides it. At least for the pants I was wearing (Light-ish blue jeans.) I welcome anyone to challenge this conclusion, with your own experiment, but I feel like I’ve done my part.

At least for now.



*003*2022-04-23 03:48

{{On 4/20/2022 at 8:33 AM, OmoSamurai said:

Who would have guessed that the scientific method could be applied to Omo.

}}

LOL. Indeed! But I think my interest in science (especially fluid mechanics), is a big part of why Omo because such a thing for me. I mean, I can't be the only person who tries to make my pees last 21 seconds because of that 2015 Nobel Prize winning research, right? (https://innovative.blogsite.org/article/6263-ig-nobel-prize-announces-2015-winners

)

