Holding contest as a nurse

Author: Polianova

*000*2024-08-14 07:36

I'm a 26F nurse working on night shifts.

For anyone wondering I'm an 1m65 for 56kg asian, my hair are rather long (they reach the middle of my back) and I wear big round glasses. I work in ICU with another 25F nurse I met at school, and another 24F friend of us is working in the unit next door. We're coworkers but friends first.

Last night was incredibly calm and we were bored to the bone. One of my coworker, a 25 yo brunette, let's call her Mia, suggested we should have a "bladderscan contest", the bladderscan being the device we use to visualise our patients' bladder and see if they're needing a urinary catheter (some drugs can prevent people from peeing). The concept was simple, we had to scan our bladders and see who gets the fullest one.

"Well, we have to wait till we need to pee," I said, "to have the biggest score possible."

To be honest I wasn't even seing any of this as a turn on, but really just a silly way to pass time during this never ending night. So there we went, grabbing our water bottles and sipping on it compulsively, trying to get desperate quickly and find out who would win that contest. At the time we started drinking I didn't need to go, but I had used the bathroom like 2 or 3 hours ago already, so the need started building real quick. My friend Mia was regularly sharing with us how desperate she felt, and we were debating who would have to go fetch the bladderscan, since the device is stored in cardiology ICU just a floor above. One hour later, she ended up saying she couldn't go and take it here because of how bad she needed to pee, and said she should probably keep sitting. I was desperate but I could still go for a walk. Our last friend, let's say Leah, a tan, fit girl with chestnut hair and eyes, nurse from the unit next door, and needed to go back to her unit.

"Come and visit me with the bladderscan when you have it, I wanna know my score too!" She said while going back to her patients.

Well, guessed it was my job then. I went on a quick tour to check on my patients but everyone was asleep, so I headed outside the unit and entered the lift. Suddenly, having to stand still and not being able to pace around sent a huge kick and I bent over to do a pee pee dance all alone in the elevator. Not that I was about to lose control, but I was becoming pretty desperate... Even if it was all for fun, I couldn't help but imagine how I would look like with my white uniform drenched in yellow pee...

I borrowed the bladderscan real quick and went all the way down to Leah's ward : I found her crossing her legs while standing up, preparing an infusion with antibiotics. She was trying to be subtle but I knew she had to be desperate from all the water and waiting she had with us. I greeted her, and her face beamed seeing me.

"I'm coming ! Just need to finish this... I can't stand still."

She kept walking around with her syringe and vial, mixing everything together, and I went to sit somewhere, waiting for her.

Leah came and sat next to me, lifting her uniform to show her lower belly. She squealed a little from the cold gel I had to put for the ultrasound device to work, and I pushed on her skin to have a clear view of her bladder.

"Stop pushing on my belly like that or I'll pee myself!" She ended up scolding me. I have to admit I really didn't try to tease her, I was just trying to have the best image. Her coworkers were looking at us and laughing, but they were curious of her bladder content too.

"620 cc" I announced.

"That's all?" One of the coworkers said amusedly.

"Well I could hold a bit longer but I have work to do..."

I went back to my unit to use the bladder scan on Mia, who was 608cc full (she stood up and went to the bathroom first thing when she heard the result, so she must have been at her limit).

As I am used to holding, I was actually not that bad. The urgent wave from the elevator ride was gone and I was almost disappointed that I had to take the test now and stop all the fun. I did score 659cc so I won the contest.

I don't really enjoy this moment as a fantasy because it involved my friends and I can't get horny on them lmao. But I'm sure some of you will enjoy this little experience 🫣

*010*2024-09-13 00:02

{{On 8/26/2024 at 12:27 AM, abdl94102 said:

Neat story. Do you think you have average-sized bladders? When I measure output (diapers measured empty vs full) I calculate 1,300mL as my bladder capacity. I'm guessing this is fairly large.

}}

I think I can hold up to 750cc thanks to years of practice, average women can hold up to 600 if I recall, and men can hold up to 700cc. In school we are taught to put a urinary catheter in if the bladder contains more than 500cc. As a nurse, I have rarely seen a bladderscan going up to 1000 mL (because we're suposed to track our patients' urinary output, so we usually check the bladder way before it hits 1000cc)... The fullest bladder I've ever seen might be around 1400cc. So yeah, you can be proud of your bladder capacity ahah

{{On 8/26/2024 at 8:36 PM, wettingman said:

As I posted someplace here I fantasized that a female nurse who had to assist me in peeing when I couldn't go following surgery .She wanted to come in the bathroom with me and I said no because I knew I could not pee with her there. I was in such pain I just wanted relief. I thought she looked disappointed.

I know as people pointed out helping patients with body functions is just an unpleasant part of their job, not exciting. But I just thought, just Like random people some have the fetish too. Here is the proof.

I loved the story by the OP

}}

I do enjoy omorashi, but yeah, seeing people in pain because of their blocked bladders or having accidents because they're drugged, sick and vulnerable... I can't say it's a turn on. Though I can see why people with omorashi kinks fantasize about this kind of situation 😌 I can't even imagine being turned on while taking care of a patient, it feels so wrong to me lol

The part of my job I do enjoy as someone with a pee fetish is the fact healthcare professionals are waaay more open to talk about their little pee related accidents than common people ! I had a coworker telling me once she peed herself on a parking lot after doing the groceries because the mall's bathroom were closed. Heard about another NA from neurology who peed herself laughing one night. Some messing accidents as well, even if it's not my thing. And of course, many other bladderscan contests with much higher scores in other units.

*014*2024-09-17 14:17

{{On 9/14/2024 at 1:03 AM, darkknightz69 said:

Do you mind recounting the (female) messing ones?

}}

Oh sure ! I'll put them right here 👇 And try to make the stories appealing even if I'm not into messing ahah

Spoiler

The first story is about an NA from my previous unit, she's a tall (1m80), pretty chunky woman with blond hair, in her 50's. She hadn't been able to go poop for several days and was starting to feel really bloated. She took a laxative drug from the unit's pharmacy, a very efficient one, at the end of our night shift (so around 6 AM), thinking the medication would hit after she gets home.

She said she started to feel like she needed the loo halfway on her way home, in her car, and that she was squeezing her buttcheeks together hoping she would make it. She didn't expect the drug to kick in so quickly and she found herself fighting to keep her panties clean. She lose it very close to home if I remember, and she described the mess as "massive" because she hadn't been able to go for days before, and she cried coming home to her husband. I don't know what happened next.

The second story is not exactly a messing story but a "almost made it" kind of story. It's about a travelling nurse (I think that's what they're called), she's a brunette with long, straight black hair, we actually look alike according to some of our patients. She's 28 or so, and has the most cheerful personality, a true angel. She had eaten at a chinese restaurant with friends before starting her night shift, and sarted to have a stomach ache during her first round. She tried to ignore it until she felt like she was about to shit herself, and she just rushed out of the room without a warning, directly to the toilet. She was crying out laughing when describing her poop to me, she said it was as big and long as her forearm, and didn't fit the toilet hole 😂 she couldn't get rid of it by just flushing, I didn't ask for details though !

I had another story about a male colleague but I'll keep it for another time then ahah

{{On 9/13/2024 at 9:09 AM, wetgarth said:

Enjoyed reading - don't know why I didn't see it before. Well done on your win and thanks for sharing the fun.

Will there be a re-match?

}}

Thank you ! I don't think I can ever re-match them, Mia is working day shift from now on and my other friend will transfer in another hospital in october. But if I ever find myself in another bladderscan contest with other coworkers I'll make sure to share the experience 😘

