An Unexpected Audience

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2018-01-30 03:51

Hey everyone!! ...so this is probably the most embarrassing moment of my entire life up to now. Looking back, I'm not sure whether I should be crazy turned-on or too ashamed to ever show my face in public again . At the moment, I'm feeling the "crazy turned-on" half, so I figured I'd share it before I get cold feet again because, if nothing else, it at least makes for a fun story! Paragraph 4 is where the pee action happens if you're not interested in the build up!

It recently snowed a fair amount where I live. I'm personally not much of one for the cold, but I love being active too much to let a perfectly good day off go to waste, so I decided to hit the local trails and get a few miles in. Figuring I needed to stay well-hydrated anyway, I decided to reward my mental fortitude of bearing the cold with a fun wetting. About 30 minutes before I headed out for my run, I started downing enough water to be well-hydrated, but not enough to feel bloated or overloaded. Then, I headed over to my room to pick out what I wanted to soak. My customary wet run gear is a dark skirt so I can discreetly let the pee run down my thighs or fall between my legs without anyone knowing. With it being below freezing, however, there was no way I was going out in that. Instead, I opt for some tights. 

As I was digging through my drawer, it dawned on me: Nobody around here goes out in the snow. The trails will be totally deserted. I can wet whatever I want and it'll be no big deal! I tossed aside my dark tights and dug up a pair of light gray ones that I've never run in because they show sweat too easily. I've always wanted to do a super-visible "public" wetting, but have never found an opportunity to do so without a virtual guarantee of being caught. I grinned mischievously as I put them on and admired how they hugged my butt and thighs. Then I threw on a sports bra, a purple sweatshirt, and a cute purple headband to keep my ears warm. I took a glance at my watch, drank a little more water, and headed out!

The frosty air hugged my skin even tighter than my pants. I shivered as I dashed to my car, careful not to slip on any ice that may be lying in wait. Proud of myself for not face-planting in the parking lot, I fumbled my keys into the ignition and drove off. The roads were a little slick, but not terrible – just enough to ensure practically nobody was out, just as I hoped. Within 20 minutes, I was pulling up to the trails. I couldn't quite get my car up the hill to the parking lot, so I parked next to the road and made the rest of the trek on foot. My bladder was just beginning to become vocal. Again, the chill of the air nipped at my body maliciously, but I shrugged it off, knowing that I would soon have my body heat to keep me comfortable...along with a little something warm between my legs . I look around for signs of anyone else. There were no cars and no tracks. As far as I could see, it was totally deserted. I felt a surge of excitement, which kickstarted me into a run.

I ran out for about a mile and a half and turned back because, by then, I needed to pee – badly. I wanted to wet in the snow, but I didn't want to be out long enough for the urine to become unbearably cold. The trails were slippery and, in some areas, fairly tough to locate even though I know them well. This made my progress slow. By the time I made it back to the edge of the woods, I was nearly bursting. For the last 100 meters, I had my hand vehemently shoved into my crotch, as if I could plug the inevitable torrent of fluid. I was dancing up and down, side-to-side more than I was making progress forward when I cleared the woods. Every step and every bounce sent spasms through my body. I half expected to start gushing pee from my ears! My body was begging for relief, but I made it wait just long enough to step off of the trail head into some undisturbed snow.

At that moment, I relaxed my muscles and, within seconds, the full might of the Amazon river was bursting into my panties! I moaned loudly and euphorically as my panties instantly became saturated, giving way for warm pee to gush into my gray tights. Rapidly, the groin of my pants turned a dark, crystalline gray. The patch magnified effortlessly and branches of urine shot every which way, soaking my legs in warm ecstasy. I spread my legs a little, allowing that which didn't cascade across my thighs to dribble directly beneath me, creating a little hole of discolored snow. I could feel hot fluid creeping up my butt, down my legs, and into my shoes, thawing out my frozen feet. I looked down and saw the mess expanding beautifully and incredibly visibly. I shivered with chills, my body struggling to reconcile the sensation of my nether regions with the frigid barrage of the wind on my face.

The feeling was nearly orgasmic. I wanted to reach into my panties as the urine gushed out and finger myself, covering my hand in dripping goodness, when suddenly, "Oh my gosh, ma'am! Are you alright?!" the voice of a middle-aged man cried out from nowhere. I was so startled, I would've wet myself if I weren't already doing exactly that! I felt my heart plummet from my chest, totally bypass my stomach, and likely burst out of my urethra with all the urine. My hair stood on end and I felt a surge of adrenaline.

I tried to cover myself – to hide – anything – but there was no hiding this. I was completely soaked below my waist and, thanks to my brilliant idea to wear light gray tights, very visibly so. Even if I could miraculously cover all of that, there was a rapidly growing spot of slightly yellow snow beneath me. I jerked around quickly and saw him, trudging up from the trail quickly, a look of concern on his face. I have no idea where he came from. I had seen no tracks and hadn't heard a single soul for my entire run. Overwhelmed with shame, I burst into tears, my eyes now irrigating my face almost as much as my urethra was irrigating my pants. The tears quickly turned bitter and cold.

"Are you okay?! Should I call an ambulance?!"

He approached me in sympathetic disbelief, fully taking in the sight of a 24-year-old girl, peeing herself and sobbing uncontrollably. I was full-force in mid-stream. There was nothing I could do but continue spurting pee into my tights and let it cascade down my legs. My face was burning red beneath the icy tears. I had no idea what to say. I choked and fumbled over every word that tried to spill out of my mouth as I wet myself in front of this complete stranger – a man no less. My panties stuck to my lady bits, but no longer to my pleasure. I finally, in very fragmented speech, managed to spit out something along the lines of, "I'm – fi – fine. I'm sor – ry," and, overwhelmed with embarrassment, found the strength to dash away. I heard him yelling something after me, but I couldn't make it out over the sound of my sobbing.

I managed to mostly clamp off the flow of urine as I made my escape, letting only a couple of spurts out before I got to my car. I quickly finished emptying myself into my pants by the road before I dug my towel out of the trunk and drove away. Miraculously, in my trembling and tear-blurred state, I made it home safely, though I can't recall any of the trip until I pulled into my apartment parking lot and made a dash to my door. I burst inside and ran to the shower, where I cleaned up, terrified, crying, and shaking. I swore to myself I would never do any omorashi again...but obviously that wasn't meant to last. After a day or two, when the shock and fear finally wore off (and I felt confident I could show my face in public without encountering him again), the omo desires began to return. With them, the shame of this experience turned into a confused hybrid of exhilaration and embarrassment.

As time goes on, I still get a surge of adrenaline every time I remember this...and I'd be lying if I said it didn't make "petting the kitty" infinitely more satisfying. Despite the shame, finally getting caught was amazingly exciting!

*004*2018-01-31 04:30

{{18 hours ago, desp_wet said:

Hey Kaylee, that's really bad luck, but you probably won't see him again. It's the risk we run with doing anything public, and please continue as I love reading your adventures.

}}

Thank you for the support!! I plan to keep at it; I was just pretty shaken up for a few days. As time goes on, I'm almost a little glad it happened. It was pretty humiliating at first, but like you said, we probably won't meet again and it makes for an incredibly thrilling memory!

