How did I get into omorashi?

Author: peeboy2341

*000*2016-05-07 22:13

So, I was about 10 years old, you know that age were you're like scared of everything, so this is what happen. I was watching this scary movie with my friends, I think it was called something the amityville horror (Keep in mind this was the one in 2005) So, me and my friends bought our tickets got seated and went in, there was like 20 minutes of advertising, during that time all of us where drinking our pop and eating popcorn, so me with a small bladder at the time had to pee about 30 minutes during the movie, know before I went to the movie my parents told me the thing about not to go alone because people can steal you and rape you etc. So I was so scared to go out to the bathroom I didn't want to go. So I stayed put. Later, my friends needed to go, but they were to lazy so they sat there waited till they couldn't hold it, when they needed to pee I was already at a 8/10 and they were probably about a 5/10. I then tried to keep my mind of the fact that I need to pee.

So I stayed there and watched the movie. We are about half way through the movie, I still had to pee, I was about a 9/10. My friends were still 5/10, cause they weren't even hold their crotch yet... So here I am jumping in my seat with my legs crossed and my hand on my crotch. Then, a scary scene came on, it scared me so much. I let out a long spurt. right now, my underwear was all soaked. The good news was that I was able to hold it for longer, so I stayed there finally my friends had to go. But they noticed I had to pee, so they didn't get up. They stayed there for even longer. 

I was going crazy. I am at a 10/10 I thought to my self, why don't I just pee my pants? I mean, I could just wash up at home? But, I would get grounded for willingly peeing my pants. So this is what I did. I told one of my best friends, I am about to pee my pants. He said, why don't you go to the bathroom, I said I am to scared, my parents told me a story about not going alone, he said I really don't want to miss the movie. I said, please... I am seriously about to pee my pants.

He said, I don't care, I didnt com here just to miss the movie. Then, this is what happened. I yelled out this in the theater, "I CANT HOLD IT ANYMORE. I AM JUST GOING TO PEE MY PANTS!" Then I started, the pee went down all my legs the seat everywhere, my shoes, it felt so satisfying. I peed for a good 1-2 minutes. My friends laughing at me. except for one, My best friend. he felt so bad because he thought I was just joking. So he came and sat on my lap. Then started to pee his pants. He peed so much, he decided to even poop his pants. I am not going to lie. This turned me on so much. Then the movie ended, our pants dried out at that time. So our parents picked us up.

Then all of a sudden, my parents smelled the pee. My mom came up to me and asked me, did you pee your pants? I said, yes it felt good and I like doing it. She got super mad, she sent me to my room and said this "You're grounded for a whole month, you're not even aloud to watch the television." She also added, every time you pee your pants, I will add 2 weeks to your punishment. Itill now I still love peeing my self. It was such a great story. And, the friend that peed on my lap got into omorashi also, Intel I was about 14, he would come over my house, he would pee in his, I would pee in mine and we would switch pants and this shit each others pants. He was a amazing friend Intel I had to move. :( This is how I got into omorashi. I am so happy I found out this website so I can share this story.

