A Travel Challenge

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2018-06-09 04:10

Heyy everyone!! I just got in from an 8.5-hour drive for work, so if my writing is a bit lacking, I apologize in advance! During these long hours, however, I tackled a new pee challenge to stave off the boredom and wanted to share the experiences while the excitement is fresh!

So I woke up about an hour earlier than I intended this morning. Typically, I would hop into the shower pretty quickly and relieve myself for the morning there, but I had an idea: From the moment of awakening until I checked into my motel room, I would only pee in unconventional places...and never in the same place twice. I guess showers aren't technically a "conventional place" to release one's bladder, but I find it so dang satisfying that I do it every morning (confession time haha) and figured it'd be cheating to start off my new challenge that way. I was really bursting for a pee, so I opted for perhaps the simplest and easiest "unconventional pee" on the books: I dashed to my living room, slipped off my panties, spread my legs a little more than shoulder-width apart, closed my eyes, and relaxed. Within seconds, the morning silence turned into a crisp patter, which swiftly transformed into a forceful cascade.

My eyes still shut, my lips curled into an impish smile with satisfaction as I let out a relieved sigh. I really had to go. I moved my feet together and shot a glance down as a warm rush began to encompass my feet. A very sizeable puddle was forming on my wood floor (I made an immature joke to myself about morning wood) and streaks of stray urine streamed down my legs. Apparently, my floor isn't entirely level because a small stream began to shoot off to the right of the puddle. Who'd've thought pee could be a handy architectural tool?

At last, the contents of my bladder diminished to the last few drops, some of which spurted to the floor, the rest to my legs. I recognized the error of my ways as I went to fetch some paper towels...leaving a trail of pee foot prints on my path to the kitchen. Still enjoying my nakedness from the waist down, I grabbed a wad of towels, wiped my self down, and retraced my tracks to the formidable puddle. Then I ran a quick mop around the area, hopped into the shower, and prepared for my trek, feeling satisfied with my first wizz of the day.

I donned a black skirt today to facilitate my unwillingness to use the facilities, and hopped into my car for the long journey, gently sipping from my water bottle. About an hour down the road, I still wasn't feeling any urge at all, so I began drinking a little more ambitiously. Another hour passed and, right about the time my gas tank was hitting E, my bladder was hitting F. I had been mildly fidgeting in my seat for a few minutes and was thankful for a pit stop. I pulled into a dumpy little gas station and was quickly thankful for my pact of unconventional peeing. It seemed like the kind of place you'd catch 15 diseases just from touching the restroom door handle. As I lifted the nozzle and put it into my gas tank, I pondered my options. 

It was fairly deserted, so I had a fair amount of freedom. The botanical coverage was somewhat lacking, so I couldn't run off into the woods to pee – which would've been fairly boring anyway. My options were either to pee at my car or around the side of the building. I started to make my way around the building when it occurred to me, There's no one here. Just pee from your car! I felt a surge of excitement with the thought. But what if someone drives up while I'm peeing? I shot back. You're two hours from home. Even if someone catches you, they won't recognize you. I retorted. Yeah, but what if someone catches me..? My argument against this undertaking was buckling. I quickly walked back to my car and made sure nobody from inside could make out what was going on.

Between the numerous large advertisements in the window and where I was parked, I discerned that I could occlude line of sight from both the convenience store and the road if I opened my driver and rear passenger door. All the while, my bladder was urging me to quickly determine my course of action. Okay...You win. I conceded to myself. You won't regret it. I snarkily assured myself. I took one last glance around to ensure there were no unexpected audience members for the show. It was just as clear as when I pulled in. Tally ho.

I opened both of my doors, lifted my skirt, and sat on the frame of the car. I nervously slid my panties to the side, my heart pounding furiously, the thrill egging me on. I continued nervously glancing around, certain some massive procession would determine that was the precise time to come gas up. Thankfully, no such procession materialized – only the occasional car shot down the road, oblivious to the woman baring her nether region to the gas pump in front of her.

I had some difficulty getting the waterworks flowing as the hot humidity bore down on me, feeling like a thousand boiling oceans under the anxiety. I cursed softly as some urine gently shot askew, dampening my groin and streaking down to my butt. This was enough, however, to get the juices moving. I adjusted myself as the spurt evolved into a steady stream, drenching the pavement beneath me. My muscles were trembling from nervousness, excitement, and because of my awkward position. Once the stream was adequately established, I glanced around again. Still clear. Suddenly...THUD. Startled, my heart and I simultaneously jumped, and while I thankfully managed to avoid peeing all over myself, my stream faltered. It was just the gas pump as it finished filling my tank.

I sighed with relief, adrenaline coursing through my body even more rapidly than the urine had been coursing from my urethra. After a moment, I managed to relax enough to begin peeing again. By the last few spurts, I had left a very respectable puddle, which pooled satisfyingly and streamed away slowly. My cover still not blown, I reached into my car, grabbed a tissue, and wiped myself clean. I replaced my panties and rubbed some sanitizer onto my hands as I admired my puddle and its many proud streaks. My heart was still pounding as I leaped into my car and sped off, nobody the wiser.

Now I was feeling really confident. Perhaps too confident. For the sake of making good time on my trip, it took every ounce of will I had to not feverishly down water in anticipation of the next adventure. Despite this incredible (if I may say so myself) display of self-control, I had enough residual fluid working its way through my kidneys that I only made it about another hour down the road before pit stop #2 became a necessity. Okay...admittedly, I probably could've delayed a little longer, but I was excited to go for round 2 . This time, I pulled into a McDonalds...that wasn't quite as vacant as the gas station. This is going to be a challenge.

I parked my car and made my way in, surveying the area. There were probably about 6 or 7 people, not counting employees, suggesting that perhaps trying anything outside was a bad idea. I briskly walked to the bathrooms and pushed open the door to the women's room, hoping it was maybe single occupancy and I could just pee in the sink or something (I wasn't about to give up so easily in the face of adversity!). To my disappointment, it was not. There were two stalls, a trash can, and a sink. I thought about pulling the trash can into the stall and peeing into it, but that seemed somewhat like cheating, so I opted against it. Hmm...What about a floor drain? Nope. It was in the middle of the bathroom. I'd be flashing anyone walking through the door. Recognizing I didn't have any particularly good options there, I gently cracked open the door to take another look around. In doing so, I caught a glimpse of the men's room sign.

A light bulb went off in my head. Even using the stall in there wouldn't be a conventional pee. The bathroom entrances were offset into a little cove, with walls that occluded the doors from the rest of the restaurant. I slowly crept out to see if I could sneak my way in (praying I wasn't going to walk in on some guy at the urinal). There were several people sitting within sight of the cove, but they were pretty distracted. But what if I walk in on some guy peeing?! Again, my heart was racing.

I compromised. I went back into the women's room, where I could wait without looking out-of-place to other restaurant goers. I stood by the door and listened for the men's room door. Several minutes passed, during which I heard nothing. If anyone's in there, he's taking a crap and I can slip out unnoticed. I exited the women's room again and nervously glanced from the cove. Nobody was paying much attention, so I swiftly and confidently (only on the outside. Inside, I was terrified) pushed my way into the men's room, half expecting to find a guy, penis-in-hand, with a look of shock on his face as I barged in.

Thankfully, I did not. It was empty. The butterflies in my stomach were violently trying to rip their way out of my abdominal wall and pure epinephrine jolted through me. I swear, my heart rate probably set a world record. I quickly made my way toward the stall, longingly eying the urinal and I passed. I closed the stall door behind me, silently sighing with immense relief as I clicked the lock. As I turned to face the toilet, my anxious euphoria was dampened slightly – the toilet was filthy. It was covered in urine and there were splatters on the floor. Cautiously, I raised my skirt up, pulled my panties to the side, and semi-straddled the porcelain with my butt hanging over it, afraid to let anything touch it. Again, my muscles were trembling – though much more this time. 

Admittedly, as I began to pee, I contributed a fair amount to the urine on the toilet seat (oops! ). Relief swept over me as I emptied my bladder, vigorously tinkling into the water below. It was strange to get such a surge of excitement from something so mundane as a regular toilet! Context is everything, I guess! As I was wiping, my heart surged again and my eyes grew to the size of dinner plates as I heard the door open. THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP – No – BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG, my heart raced so loudly I thought for sure he would hear it. Still hovering my butt over the toilet seat, toilet paper in hand, I barely dared to breathe as I heard this mystery man rustling his pants at the urinal.

The sound of urine striking porcelain. I'd've probably been turned on, had I not been terrified. I'm certain he only peed for a normal amount of time, but it seemed to me as though his bladder was endless. I began to think I would grow old and die in this men's room stall, awaiting his conclusion. At last, however, my fears were assuaged when, somehow, the sound of him spitting and the flush of the urinal were not drowned out by the ferocious pounding of my cardiovascular system. He spent a few brief seconds at the sink and I heard the door open...then close. I stood there for a few moments, absolutely petrified. Suddenly, my thoughts burst into a frenzy. I finished wiping, didn't even remember to flush or wash my hands, and dashed for the door, afraid someone would walk in.

Thankfully, nobody did. I burst through the door much more forcefully than I had intended. This attracted the attention of a lady at a table near the restrooms who gave me a puzzled look, which transitioned into a dirty look when she realized I was emerging from the men's room. I just sped past, avoiding eye contact, and jumped into my car. It wasn't until several miles down the road that I finally calmed down and remembered I forgot to wash up. More hand sanitizer. And a lot of AC – I had worked up a bit of a sweat. After the anxiety subsided, I began laughing with hysterical euphoria. I did it! I used a men's room in a crowded area AND at the same time as a guy! Also striking to me, was that, because I was like 3 hours away from home, there were virtually no consequences. Sure, the woman caught me, but what was she going to do? We'll never see each other again!

Seeing how crazy long this recount is becoming, I'll quickly summarize the more mundane ones (or ones similar to stories I've written in the past) and then skip to the final one. Another hour and a half in, I peed into a gas station restroom trash can (yeah, I know, I considered this cheating earlier...but after McDonalds, I was willing to tame it down a bit). Two hours after that, I did the classic cup-pee in my car at a roadside rest.

Finally, after about 8.5 hours of travel, a little longer than anticipated, I pulled into the motel. During the last half hour, I began really piling on the fluids again, so by the time I pulled in, I really had to go – bad. I wasn't allowed a trip to the ladies' room until I had checked into my room, however. I parked and virtually ran inside, hoping to work through the process as quickly as possible. Thankfully, I didn't have to wait in a line. The guy checking me in was very friendly. I probably seemed like an anti-social jerk because I was focusing more on not peeing all over the floor, or at the very least, dancing like an idiot in front of him, clutching my lady bits, than on friendly chit-chat. Hurriedly, I thanked him as I grabbed my key and raced off. Not even bothering to grab my luggage, I began searching for my room. En route, however, I found a little cove that I assumed formerly hosted a vending machine.

As I shot past it, I turned around, considering, Why waste a perfectly good bladder of pee? You haven't checked into your room yet. Forget the luxury of a toilet. I glanced around to ensure nobody was loitering around. Nope. I ducked into the cove, where I proceeded to fully and properly wet myself. No skirt-raising, no panties pulled to the side, just torrents of pee rushing down my legs, soaking my socks and shoes, and a steady trickle straight to the ground, forming yet another large puddle.

After the encounter at McDonalds, this seemed like child's play and came to me easily. Within a long few seconds, I was thoroughly drenched from the waist down. I giggled a little as I admired my puddle, then raced off to find my room, the urine quickly cooling in the night breeze, chilling my legs ever so slightly. I found my room and, still wearing my urine-soaked clothes, lugged all my stuff in, enjoying the dampness. Without even changing, I laid a towel on the chair and set up my laptop to write this. Now...if you'll excuse me, I have some cleaning up to do and some tingling to tend to downstairs I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did!!

