Last night at the bar

Author: PP So Badly

*000*2024-01-06 19:35

Last night I was at a busy bar and I saw someone who was more desperate than I’ve ever seen anyone in real life

I had to pee already. Pretty badly. I had 3 pints and when I started feeling that familiar throb and surge of desperation I made my way to the bathrooms. However, there was a line. 5 girls ahead of me. My bladder ached and was throbbing occasionally but I was confident in my ability to wait.

Just a few minutes later this girl hobbles towards the line. I can already tell she needs to pee and she need to PEE BAD. Her eyes widen as she sees the line but she bites her bottom lip and sticks her ass against the wall, hunching over slightly. I caught her eye and she sighed and said ‘fucking lines’.

‘i know i really gotta go’ i told her.

That’s when she said ‘I’ve had 5 pints and haven’t peed yet’ FIVE PINTS!! Five! That’s over 2 litres wow she must have been ready to explode.

My own bladder was still filling but I actually kinda felt bad for her… five pints without peeing at all is no joke. I told her she could go ahead of me.

Hunched over, she nodded and shuffled around and leaned back against the wall. Let’s crossed, still leaned over. Every few seconds she would bob up and down as (I can only assume) a wave of desperation hit her and her overfilled bladder contracted.

About five minutes later, my own bladder was filling up rapidly and she looked like she was about to cry. She had stuck both hands into her crotch as this point I could see she was applying pressure to her peehole. Five pints. I still couldn’t believe her much piss this poor girl was holding in. She was next I line and she had shuffled up to the cubicle, and was leaned against it, waiting to go inside. As she waited she was getting ready to pee. I watched as she reached towards her pants and she was winced at the pressure of her undoing them but her BLADDER!! Holy shit her bladder when she undid her pants. It was like a baseball sitting there, a mound right underneath her belly button. She squeezed her legs together and shuffled in the second the cubicle was available.

I had to pee really bad at this point but I was still paying attention. From what I could see under the cubicle, she yanked her pants down as fast as possible and a steady stream of urine erupted out of her. Pee was hitting the floor and all over as she sat down onto the toilet and kept going. I heard her piss for probably 2 straight minutes and then she was finally done and it was my turn.

I had to go real bad at this point and hobbled in myself after her. There were puddles of pee everywhere! I hovered over the toilet and blasted my own pee in.

