My Military Stories

Author: Peafowl

*000*2021-10-07 03:12

I figured I'd treat you to some tales from the military, both from my experience and others, especially for some male omo. For context, I am a tank commander.

1. Training:

Oh boy. I had already been into omo for a while, since high school, but basic training was when my personal desperation stopped being in my control. You had only a few times during the drill day to use the bathroom, and each time you usually only had 5-10 minutes, so it was a mad rush for the toilets. With all the training you had to do, it meant I was chugging water all day to stay hydrated, so there were times I was actually fidgeting in formation. I usually wasn't alone, and everyone would joke about being desperate to pee. It was slightly worse for men than for women since women got the same-size facilities for themselves but there were so fewer of them. Now imagine trying to cycle 100 men through 3 urinals in 5 minutes.

Nobody in my company pissed themselves, but I've heard plenty of stories. Sometimes, the victim just laughs it off. Sometimes, the victim is just too stupid, showing neither shame no humor, as if just peeing matter-of-factly. Sometimes, it's less funny. One story that I will only tell because it circulated on the paper was when a woman (thankfully kept anonymous) crapped herself in the formation and was hazed into running laps with her soggy underwear on her head.

2. Hand to Hand Training:

The worst I had during basic was during a hand-to-hand combat training exercise. Everyone removes their boots and belt and does karate basically, but the bathroom facility had plumbing problems. So, by order of the sergeants, everyone was differed to some portable toilets a good 400 metres away from the building. Unfortunately, the portable toilets were overflowed, and you could not use them without getting some on yourself (so naturally nobody wanted to use them).

To make things worse, we had to assume a tactical position when waiting in line, because in combat one person would stand guard with their weapon. This meant, while we were on the verge of peeing ourselves, we had to be in a kneel-fire position while waiting in line. So myself and my formation were of course spending an hour with bursting bladders and twisted legs trying to fistfight each other inside the arena. Luckily, the plumbing was fixed at the very end of the class, literally on the verge of me pissing myself, and we all relieved ourselves in indoor toilets.

3. Road March:

One event where I myself was not desperate but everyone around me was was during a 12.9 km road march training. Everyone carries 20kg and marches in a column until they reach the destination. For some reason, the sergeants were very against taking breaks this march, and while I had planned ahead and used the toilet before the march, many didn't. So, let's say 7km in, there are a lot of people grumbling about needing to pee, and sergeants telling them to shut up. The biggest tease was when we halted the formation, but instead of taking a break, everyone was supposed to assume a kneeling firing stance to engage a potential "threat" (training). I saw plenty of wobbly knees, and rifles put down to ease crotches. Everyone held on fine when we finally got a break, but there was one jackass who decided to just break formation and run into the trees to go. I mean it when I say "jackass", he was a piece of work officer who would absolutely deserve to piss themselves.

4. Gunnery:

Yay, back to me! So, I assume nobody here knows how tank gunnery works. Basically, on a range, you have a bunch of fighting position ditches dug for tanks to drive into. Can be as few as 1, can sometimes be as many as even 8, 8 tanks shooting at once. Well, we only had one operational fighting position, so only one tank could shoot at a time. A gunnery iteration typically takes 30 minutes per tank, where they shoot some targets then get a safety check before clearing off the firing line. Our tank was supposed to be second in line to shoot, and my crew (myself as the vehicle commander) had just used the bathroom, so we had no thoughts. However, when the first tank rolled up to shoot, the range was having all the problems. Targets struggling to pop up, animals on the range, fires, etc. The first tank was literally having its thumbs up its asses waiting for a chance to shoot.

As you could tell when I said "fires," it was really hot. So, my crew and I were chugging water like it was nothing. Thirty minutes passed, an hour, two hours, the first tank still hadn't shot due to all the fires down range. We even dozed off and napped for a little since there was no radio chatter on our net. After about three hours of waiting, we all were needing to pee. My driver needed to pee pretty bad, so asked me on the comms if he could quickly pop out of the hatch and use the bathroom. Normally the tank cannot be left unattended, but we figured we could just turn it off since we were waiting long anyway. However, then we heard first tank's cannon fire, which meant they finally resolved all the issues and it was game time. This also meant I had to keep the tank running, and poor driver couldn't go.

My gunner and myself weren't much better either (I don't know what the loader was doing). I stood up out of my hatch because it was easier to hold that way, but it was bad enough that I had to press my crotch at times. My gunner is laughing on the comms that he has to pee so bad, and since he is forced to sit down it was probably harder for him. We wait thirty minutes, everyone just joking about how much they need to pee. Finally, it's our tank's turn to shoot, and as the first tank leaves our tank lurches forward. I most definitely leaked a bit here, but we occupied the position and got ready to shoot. My biggest worry was pissing all over my gunner since he sits right under me.

Once the targets we stop caring about our bladders. Everyone was just so high energy shooting targets that our bodies just forgot the pain. But after the last target is reported killed, we suddenly are back to squirming. I'm even leaking occasionally, but still holding on. We take 10 minutes to drive the tank back to our sleeping area, and then when I give the driver the order to power down the tank, the gunner and I just clamber out of the tank as if it were on fire, almost jump off from the turret, and just unzip our trousers to piss next to the tracks. The tank normally takes a few minutes to turn off, and the driver has to be inside the entire time, so when he finally pops out of the hatch I see he has two water bottles just filled with urine that he dumps outside.

*002*2021-10-08 16:53

{{5 minutes ago, LizJWetting said:

A bunch of military guys in their uniforms, all absolutely bursting to pee... that definitely does something for me. Sounds like it must be a common scenario too.

}}

Very, very common. Best is during urinalysis tests, because there's no warning. Everyone has already probably used the bathroom right before the test, so now they have to chug a bunch of water and wait 20 minutes, and they only test one at a time so everyone is waiting in line.

*003*2021-10-24 13:38

5. Paradrop

I heard a story from a female paratrooper who peed herself just before jumping out of the plane. Normally, for a jump, paratroopers wait several hours in the plane on the tarmac before takeoff, and all the troopers wear almost 50kg of equipment. The wait can be up tp 6 hours. Then the plane would take off and fly to the dropzone where the paras jump out of the plane.

So, this para, she had already needed to pee even while waiting on the tarmac, and was desperate when the plane took off. She finally pissed herself from both desperation and fear when it was her turn to jump, since she had to be pushed off.

