The Inevitable Movie Urge

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-11-25 09:21

Hiya everybody!! If you're just here for the pee and aren't interested in the build up, skip down to paragraph 5! Enjoy!

We've all experienced the frustration. You're stoked to see a really great movie, you go to the theater, get tickets, sit through the entire thing...until the climax. Then your bladder decides to pipe up and let you know it's time for an unscheduled intermission. It's like magic. It happens every time! This time, I resigned myself to a somewhat unorthodox approach that permitted me to see the entire movie and have wayyyy more fun than a routine bathroom rush .

A few weeks ago, I bought myself a dollar theater ticket to Wonder Woman (yes, I'm super late to the party, haha), which I'd been crazy excited to see, but hadn't yet made time for. None of my friends were available the afternoon I decided to see it, which I initially thought was unfortunate, but shortly thereafter discovered was the opposite. Disappointed, I drove to the theater alone (I promise I'm not a loser, hahaha). By the time I ordered a medium water and a small popcorn, I had pushed aside the embarrassing notion that I was going to the movies by myself and excitedly made my way to the corresponding theater.

The theater was virtually vacant, with only a couple sitting near the front-center and one guy sitting by himself to the front right. I set my things down 3 or 4 rows behind the couple and, while the obligatory 20 minutes of ads played, I made a quick dash to the ladies' room and preemptively relieved myself, so as to avoid any undesired interruptions. As much as I love this fetish, I wasn't about to let it interrupt Wonder Woman! When I returned, nobody else had entered the theater. Perfect, it was likely to be reasonably quiet and uninterrupted. I nursed my water as the last few minutes of ads continued and the movie finally started.

As the movie played on, I didn't spare any of my thoughts on my bladder or the water in my hand. I was perfectly comfortable, moderately drinking away and enjoying the show. 2 hours and 20 minutes, however, can be a pretty long wait for someone who likes to stay well-hydrated. Just over halfway through, I felt the inevitable and, in this rare instance, dreaded urge surfacing. I cursed to myself and insisted I could make it all the way through, just this once. I pushed the urge to the back of my mind, determined to enjoy the movie uninterrupted. This was successful for probably another 20-30 minutes, when it finally became a constant nagging voice. 

"Dang it!" I thought to myself, "I really need to pee! ...but surely, the movie is nearly over. I can wait until then." It wasn't nearly over. In fact, the climax, of course, kept building, which made me even more determined to stick it out. I seriously considered wetting myself in protest, but didn't want to leave a mess in the seat for anyone who sat in it later. I briefly pondered scooting to the edge of my seat and simply urinating on the floor, but I didn't want my puddle to stream down to the couple in front of me, nor did it seem right to pee on the floor where kids run around regularly. Finally, as I was about to begrudgingly resign myself to a bathroom trip at the climax of the movie, I remembered my cup! The solution was obvious! There was almost nobody in the theater who would catch me, I expected the cup to be plenty big enough to hold everything, and I could avoid making that unwanted dash to the facilities!

With my scheme decided, I quickly darted my eyes around the theater. Nobody unexpected had come in. Perfect. I grabbed my cup, which was empty by now except for ice, and removed the lid. All the while, every drop of fluid processed by my kidneys felt like gallons of increased pressure in my bladder. I scooted to the edge of my seat and lifted the front of my skirt just enough to be able to situate everything down below. I positioned the cup under my crotch, which was more challenging than I expected in the dark. 

With it in place, I pushed my panties to the side, revealing my lady bits to the dark theater. I glanced around again to make sure nobody was catching sight of the ridiculousness. With the coast still clear, I decided to commit, figuring that if anybody happened by, it would probably be dark enough and peeing into a cup is unexpected enough that they would have no idea what I was doing. It took a few moments, but sure enough, a spurt of pee spat out, hit the interior side of the cup, and dribbled down below the ice.

I readjusted the cup to put my stream into the center, so as to avoid any mess. I nearly let out a sigh of relief, but caught myself. Confident in the placement of the cup, I looked up at the screen as pee torrented below. I grinned proudly to myself as the cup grew heavier and warm with my pee. The ice crackled as the cup filled and it wasn't long before I heard the tinkling of my pee, indicating the level had risen above that of the ice. 

Worried somebody might hear and look back, I promptly cut off my stream, but it felt so good to let it loose that I resumed within a few seconds, attempting to pee a bit more gently. The success of my attempts was questionable, at best. I sat there awkwardly, glancing back and forth from the movie to the couple, hoping with all my heart they couldn't hear. Every drop into the cup, to me, was akin to the full force of Niagara Falls, and felt as though it drowned out the movie, though I could tell by everyone's oblivious nature that I was severely overreacting.

Finally, after what seemed like ages, I could tell I was nearly empty. As the last bit was trickling out, gently plopping into the cup between my legs, the movie hit a relatively quiet scene. Crap. I felt my face turn blood red as I finished up, the sound now extremely clear to me. Miraculously, nobody seemed to notice even then. With a breath of relief, in regard to both the maintenance of my stealth and the advent of ease on my bladder, I looked down at the cup I bore just below my exposed vulva. I smirked at how much I had deposited into it. I reached over and grabbed a napkin that I had been given with my popcorn, wiped myself dry, tossed it into the cup, which I sealed with the lid and returned to the cup holder. I scooted back into my seat, but let myself sit exposed just a moment longer than necessary, basking in the surreal feeling as I took in the movie.

Finally, deciding I'd had enough fun, I slipped my panties back into place and pushed my skirt back over my nether region.

The movie, at last, drew to a glorious close. I grabbed my pee-filled cup, dashed out of the theater, disposed of the cup at the nearest trash can and smiled to myself that I'd managed to not only get away with peeing in a very taboo situation, but also make it through an entire movie without having to take a bathroom break . I've gotta say, between this experience and the time I peed in my car, I've become incredibly fond of disposable cups!

*007*2017-11-29 05:10

{{On 11/25/2017 at 10:13 AM, Uniee said:

Gotta be careful with soda cups though.. they can leak (not sure if it's the refill or the warm liquid)...

}}

That's good to know! Definitely want to be wary in the future...

{{On 11/25/2017 at 11:55 PM, ews21 said:

I guess the next time I am in a movie, I have to look around for that. :P

}}

Hehe, best of luck!!

{{On 11/25/2017 at 10:56 AM, Gemgirl said:

I have in fact done this myself, Although that time it was during Kung Fu Panda 2.

}}

Yes!! Isn't it exhilarating?!

*013*2017-12-10 17:26

{{On 12/5/2017 at 6:29 PM, NearNudeLayla said:

I went to a movie when I was 15 with a group of friends for a birthday party and I wound up peeing myself just as the movie ended. Unfortunately, everyone saw and I was so embarrassed... But I did end up dating one of the girls in the group a couple years later so it wasnt all that bad.

}}

Sounds like it ended up working out okay in the end at least!

