Road trip fun

Author: PrincessPEEach

*000*2021-08-12 03:19

I had a long solo road trip today…about 1000km. Decided to have some fun along the way. I started the morning with a huge coffee and a litre of sparking water. I can usually hold it for quite a while but by noon the drinks were long since emptied and I was getting pretty full. By 1 I was getting frantic. I wanted to do a sneaky nature pee, so I tried to pull off at a quiet side road, but someone turned right after me.

So I had to keep going. I was shaking I had to go so bad. I could NOT find anywhere to stop. It was becoming an emergency and I saw signs for a picnic area. By this point it was 1:45 so I hoped it might be empty. No luck. 5 cars, but at least there were toilets…..I was ready to give in when I noticed a trail with a warning sign ‘supervise children carefully’. Everyone seemed to be sitting at the picnic tables near their cars so I took a chance and ventured down the trail. It seemed empty which was all the invitation I needed to duck off a side trail, which led me to this view.

The rushing water was the final straw, I could barely get my pants down in time, and I almost missed taking the video I was so frantic. Soooooo good

WARNING….a little bit of naked ass cheek and the tiniest bit of pussy made the vid. I cropped most of it out, but not quite all….I mean it was a sqat in the woods, what do you expect

So just to be clear….it’s me, squatting and peeing in nature, with most of me cropped out. So pee, grass, and a tiny bit of ass….it was more fun than it sounds, promise

FullSizeRender.mov

FullSizeRender.mov

*008*2021-08-12 12:53

{{15 minutes ago, FourMillion said:

Thats a huge pee - have you ever measured your capacity?

}}

Yah, this past winter I measured and it was 1.25 litres….this felt comparable lol. Plus I didn’t catch the first(most frantic gushing) on video lolol

*015*2021-08-16 22:43

{{14 minutes ago, wettingman said:

As usual ,I have been holding my pee for a while while viewing posts here. I rewatched the incredible long hard torrent of pee you did outside. You brought me right to the edge of re-wetting the pants I soaked - accidently - a few hours ago. They had since dried . Now I have to hold myself to keep them that way. Earlier I needed to pee badly while driving home. I knew I was in trouble and sure enough just as I was getting out of my car I started peeing my pants in my yard.

}}

Hehehe…..that’s funnn!! Kind of cool that I could have that effect

