Wetting in strange places

Author: pianoboo

*000*2015-03-27 05:39

One of the earliest signs of my fetish was a strange habit I had of wanting to piss in strange places. When I was eight or nine, I would drink tons of water, and let myself get desperate. While desperate, I would search for the strangest place I could wet myself. Once, I was desperate at a friend's house. Her younger brother had a plush rocking horse, and my friend and I were goofing around, taking turns riding the horse. We were laughing quite hard, and without warning, I felt something hot and wet between my legs. I quickly stopped it, but there was about a quarter sized wet patch on my jeans. Later that night, when she had fallen asleep, I snuck back into the playroom and emptied my bladder sitting on the rocking horse.

Another strange place was in a tree. One hot summer day, my brother was out at a friend's house, and both my parents were working. I was playing around outside, and stopping quite frequently to drink, due to the temperature. There were several tall maple trees in the yard, and I used to love climbing as high as I could and sitting in the treetops, pretending to be a queen or ruler of everything I could see. As I was doing this, I felt a need to pee. As I knew no one would be home for a while, I let go slowly, spurt by spurt, and soaked the tree branch that I was straddling.

My favorite place to wet so far has been in a snowsuit. I was wearing panties, long underwear a pair of sweats, and snow pants to go snow skiing one winter. I was outside goofing off around the fenced in pool area of the hotel my family was staying at, and all of a sudden, I was hit with a wave of desperation. I was totally unprepared, and as a result I leaked a bit into my panties. I liked the feeling of knowing that no one could see my piss because of how many layers I was wearing. I decided to let a few more spurts out, and I could feel the wetness starting to drip out of my panties. I spied a large barrel nearby, and I straddled it, releasing more piss as I did so. I ground my pelvis into the barrel, feeling the hot wet fabric of my panties pressing into my crotch. I released a small spurt every 20 seconds or so, and on one particularly large spurt, I couldn't regain control. I pissed uncontrollably, for a full minute. Afterwards, no one could tell what I had done.

I always find new, thrilling places to wet or things to wet on. Has anyone else had similar experiences? If so, please share!

*006*2015-03-29 19:27

I was a swimmer and I used to wet my suit in the shower after practices.

*008*2015-03-31 00:36

There were girls and guys, but we were all at that age where peeing in the pool was a huge no-no, and we were all scared of our coach too! I can remember one time, however, that we formed lines of about ten people behind our diving boards and swam a relay. Each person swam four laps, and I was pretty far back in the line. I was afraid to ask my coach to use the toilet, but I was getting pretty desperate. By the time there was only one person left in front of me, I was spurting into the crotch of my swimming suit. I when the one girl in front of me got up on the board, I just let go, with my legs pressed as tightly together as they could go. My suit was already wet, I was already wet, and the floor was already wet, so I hoped that no one would notice any extra wetness. In addition, my coach and the vast majority of my teammates were at the other end of the pool.

