Rare full-on sighting, in public!

Author: Prof P

*000*2020-02-05 09:47

Firstly, I'd like to say that I really appreciate all the fantastic stories that people post here! There are many excellent writers that contribute here, and many more that have great anecdotes to share of their sightings and experiences. It's a great forum that I have derived much pleasure from, so I decided it's high time for me to come out of lurker mode and actually contribute something myself....

Between being a lifelong omo lover, having a lot of close female friends, keeping a fairly keen eye, and spending a fair amount of time partying, I have had the good fortune of having many sightings of sorts, hearing lots of stories and anecdotes, and the occasional romantic or friendly indulgement (which I gather from the red underline is not a proper word). But as we all know, seeing the actual act of a random woman completely losing control and emptying her bladder in her pants is very rare. I've seen many little laugh accidents, wet stains, results of full-on accidents, and, of course, desperation, but it wasn't until a few months ago that I actually saw my first full-on wetting accident by a stranger.

These days, I'm a suburban dad, but I still like to pretend I'm young and spry on occasion, and fortunately my wife is very cool about me going out to have drinks with friends, see a buddy's band, play poker, etc. Anyway, on this particular night, I had ventured into the nearby city to see my friend's band play. They were playing in a lively area of town, with many bars and clubs that stay hopping into the late hours. Anyway, the show itself was awesome, I ran into a few friends that also follow the band, and I had some fun glancing over to check out the perpetually long line to the ladies' room at the venue. There was lots of leg crossing and jiggling to be seen, but I always feel like a perv paying too much attention to a ladies' line, so I kept my ogling to a minimum. After the show, there were loads of puddles on the viewing/dance floor, surely most if not all were spilled drinks, but I couldn't help but wonder if there were a couple of pee puddles in the mix.

I helped my friends move some of their gear into their van, and they asked me to meet up with them in a bit at a nearby bar for a couple of drinks. As I followed my map app over to where the bar seemed like it ought to be, there were two bars next to each other, neither with obvious signage to help me figure out which one was the place I was looking for. Since there were several people outside the bars talking and/or smoking, I decided to walk along the curb and take a closer look at the main windows to see if I could decipher anything.

It was at this point that a particular woman caught my eye. She was standing outside, leaning against one bar's front window, facing the street (and me). A guy briefly came out to talk to her, and I heard him say "are you all right?" As she nodded and said yes, she very suddenly crossed one leg over the other in the way that women often do when they are trying to stop a flow of pee. Now I was 100% transfixed, and I absolutely couldn't believe what I saw next. A small puddle started forming at her feet, which soon formed a stream that ran toward the street. The guy didn't seem to notice at all, and as he walked back into the bar, the pee stream literally went right past where he had just been standing.

I kept looking back and forth between the growing stream and her legs, which were still crossed in the same position. She was wearing form-fitting black tuxedo style pants, and I saw some glistening where her pants were wet with her pee, but nothing too obvious. Even though there were several other people in the vicinity, I looked around and nobody else seemed to have noticed at all. I felt like I was in a dream or something.

At this point, she had started walking away from her puddle & stream, and settled back against the bar window about twenty feet away. She lit up a cigarette, and I decided to be somewhat bold and go talk to her for a bit. I went over and said hi and made some stupid, awkward small talk with her. She seemed drunk but not smashed, she was slurring her speech somewhat, but making sense and able to engage in conversation. Upon getting a closer look, she was quite pretty - Latina probably around 30, nice figure, nice face. Of course, part of me wanted to mention to her that I saw what she had done, but I wasn't feeling *that* bold and I didn't want to embarrass her, as she'd otherwise just gotten away with completely peeing in her pants.

A couple of times, we had awkward silences, and I told her I was going to head into the bar to find my friends, but both times she said "wait..." followed by something to draw me back into conversation. She actually seemed quite interested in me, so I suppose she must've been pretty drunk! As I was talking with her, I kept thinking, "man, if I wasn't married, I would tell her that I had just seen her pee herself and how sexy I thought it was that she had done that. Then I'd stare straight into her eyes with my best passionate look and ask her if it was all right if I felt her wet pants." Truthfully, she may well have agreed to this, but truthfully, even if I wasn't married, I probably wouldn't have been daring enough to pull the trigger on that. But you bet I did when I replayed the event in my mind later!

Anyway, sorry I rambled a bit, but I hope this was enjoyable overall. I have a lot of other experiences to share, so hopefully I'll get some momentum from breaking out of lurker mode....

*005*2020-02-06 06:31

{{18 hours ago, farseladosso said:

I know these thoughts very well! Taking into account how rarely this happens you feel foolish to let it pass without any further reaction. At least, I did. And I made up my mind I would not behave like this in case it happened again. And it did!! - even on two different occasions. In both cases I made sure that nobody overheard what I was saying when I addressed the girl. And in both cases the reaction was two seconds of staring at me in disbelief and then - a positive reply in a low voice, not a cold rebuff which would of course have been possible. I believe, the decisive point is that she gets it that you are a normal and sensitive guy, not primitive, not kidding her (friendly but no silly smile), leaving no doubt that you are completely serious. She perceives that it is genuine what you say, there is no mask.

Unfortunately, the situations did not permit any follow-up. But still: Great moments. One of those two girls even turned around to let me feel her wet bum although I had not even asked her. But alas, that was in a crowded beer tent with minors all around, security guards at the entrance. I just couldn't do it.

}}

Good on you for carrying through with this promise to yourself! I have to admit, I had kind of made the same promise to myself previously, but still couldn't quite pull the trigger (besides, being married, it seemed a bit inappropriate). And you're absolutely right, it's all in your presentation and vibe. It's no different than any other sexually-forward encounter. If you seem uncomfortable or creepy, things will certainly not go well. But if you manage to keep your poise, things will often go better than you might have expected!

{{3 hours ago, farseladosso said:

By the way...

Makes me give this link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlZcxeHeA2E

Where, however, the colour is more interesting than just black

To @spike

:

The word "story" sounds to me a little like "fiction", although there are also true stories. Anyway, my above two cents referred to real incidents, and I think that also @Prof-P told us a true story. One cannot just produce real omorashi events as they happen out of the blue! Maybe other users can add omo bits from their real life which would fit in here. But I would never supply a fake story in a thread like this for lack of more real memories.

}}

Yes, this "story" was 100% true! I may try a "story" based on actual events sometime, but I would identify it as such, and at this point I still have plenty of real experiences to share...

*006*2020-02-06 06:37

{{12 hours ago, spike said:

Wow yes more stories please

}}

Definitely... I've got a lot in the vault!

{{10 hours ago, Marco said:

You were very lucky!

}}

Yes, I most certainly felt very lucky!

*009*2020-02-09 09:04

{{On 2/6/2020 at 3:26 AM, PooSkirt said:

Super hot story. Drunk women are definitely one of the best ways to see an accident - probably the best of all!

}}

Thank you, and yes, they are indeed! Many of my fondest memories of witnessing true desperation are alcohol-induced events, and the majority of accident, near-accident, and bed-wetting stories I've heard from female friends are alcohol-related.

*010*2020-02-09 09:48

{{On 2/6/2020 at 2:36 AM, AquaVitae said:

Very cool account.

See in that situation I feel like I'd have to say something. It's just too rare to pass up. As long as as you are remembering to reassess the situation, her body language, and her responses throughout the interaction then I think you can navigate these tricky situations. You're simply trying to find out if she feels the same as you do about what she did/what happened. And if it really is going sideways and getting more on the creep side, you can always say nice to meet you have a good night, and make a quick exit to have her feeling safe and comfortable again.

Overall I think you had a good handle on things, from what you described. Maybe she was indeed just that drunk.

}}

Thanks, AquaV. I don't doubt you would have. But I would say you're an exception in this omo-world in that you don't seem shy about letting women know of your interest. I admire this a great deal. I'm assuming you're Aquavite from back in the Thomas Water Resource days? I remember back then being blown away that someone could be so comfortable owning this as his sexuality and sharing it with women.

I find it very difficult to go there with women, even though I know from my limited experience with doing it that the reception tends to go better than I might have expected. I'm otherwise extremely comfortable talking with women, but I just seem to seize up when it comes to bringing up omo-related stuff.

In this particular case, I'd have to say I just choked. I took the step to go and talk to her, and I could tell that she was enjoying my company. Nothing in her body language during or after her peeing herself seemed to indicate that she was distressed about her "accident". I got the impression that it is something that happens at least once in a while when she drinks, and she's either fine with it or actually enjoys it. I would've loved to have fleshed this out more with her (so to speak ), but every time I thought to bring it up, I just couldn't get the words out. Perhaps it's just as well because I would've really been pushing temptation had it been well-received.

*012*2020-02-10 22:54

{{On 2/9/2020 at 5:21 AM, PooSkirt said:

I mean, you're a married man. Given she seemed relaxed about having an accident in public it's quite likely she was into omorashi, but it still wouldn't be appropriate to be discussing intimate fetishes with another woman.

}}

Yes, yes, I agree. I felt funny about even approaching her in the first place to talk. There's a fine line there, and a few different places to draw it. Personally, I think if I had mentioned to her that I'd noticed what she'd done and added something about thinking it was cool that she was so casual about it, that's toeing the line, but not crossing it. That is, in actuality, what I was trying to work up the nerve to say to her. I would not have asked whether it was a turn on for her, said anything about how it turned me on, etc. But I suppose it's just as well I didn't end up bringing it up at all because it is a tricky zone to stay appropriate within.

