My omorashi observations

Author: peeacsfan

*000*2024-04-23 09:55

I've always been fascinated by girls with extreme natural sexuality. This quality is not directly related to their external parameters: bust size, shape of nose, ears, eyes, and compliance with model data. A girl can be outwardly very beautiful and bright, but cold as ice, and vice versa – outwardly inconspicuous at first glance, but hot as fire. Such girls are outwardly mischievous, there is a certain childishness and at the same time a slight depravity in them. This combination creates such an explosive, devilish-angelic mixture that attracts and attracts men who are not indifferent to sexual life. Their fox faces are rich in facial expressions, expressions, and all their gestures, movements - everything together attracts them like a magnet, and they themselves know how to use it perfectly, because they have all these gifts by nature, and they understand how it works and acts not with their minds, but with their instincts.

On the other hand, another type of girls touches the heart – shy modest girls, under the guise of which passionate natures are often hidden. A kind of shy creature that behaves quieter than water, lower than grass; They are unassuming, quiet, try not to draw attention to themselves, and blush when discussing intimate topics, and are especially ashamed to talk about it. But, left alone with a partner, such girls during intimacy will give a head start to other upstarts, who outwardly declare themselves as queens of beauty and goddesses of passion, but in fact are not much different from a log.

There is also this type of girls – harmful, capricious,. They are convinced that men exist to satisfy their needs, to indulge their whims, but they owe nothing to anyone and are in themselves a precious treasure that is the highest good to possess. Deep down, these girls are convinced that anyone who just looks at her wants to possess her at the very least, in other words, he wants to encroach on the happiness that she imagines herself to embody. She gets great pleasure when she "refuses" to make happy someone who, in fact, often did not claim her at all.

However, from a short introduction about different types of girls, I will move on to the main part, which I am going to write about - about the type of sexuality that is commonly called fetish or deviation. I call it just a sexual fantasy, and before I explain what it is, I will say that I love it when any of the representatives of the above types of girls find themselves in this state.

In my fantasy, a girl is walking down the street somewhere, or maybe she's on a public transport, or, suddenly, having decided to enter the institute, she sits on an exam, or maybe she rides a train or runs into a café in a panic... The fact is that she hadn't gone to the toilet for a long time, and drinking water or tea slowly filled her bladder, as a result, too much fluid accumulated inside, and the girl realized that she urgently needed to get to the toilet. Imagine, for example, the following picture: a girl walks to herself, looking at whom it is impossible to think about anything but sex. And at that moment she has a full bladder, and there is not a single toilet nearby! And she really wants to sit down, and she would be happy to sit down, but you can't sit in public, do you? And I really want to write! Very, very, very!!

So that (she thinks) a little more and it will flow right into her panties, and it will pour down her wonderful legs. And in this position I find her, and, guessing the delicate state, I am even more stupefied by her. And she doesn't know about it, and when she does, she's unlikely to understand. Maybe he'll even think about it. However, for a short time, then he will ask affirmatively: "What nonsense?" and run on. And he will run to the same café in a panic. And if there's a queue, she'll make a plaintive face and say, "Please let me go to the bathroom. I really want to! Otherwise, I'm going to pee!!." And they will certainly let her in.

And most of the casual readers who have never heard of such a fantasy will also think so and make a verdict: "Really, it's some kind of nonsense. What's wrong with a girl who wants to go to the toilet?" And someone will ask: "Well, she wants to go to the toilet, and then what?" Nothing more, I just see a special, additional sexuality in this situation. First of all, it's kind of cool that even the sexiest girls are not strangers to the earthly, and also go out of necessity. And secondly, at this moment they become sweetly restless: after all, when a girl wants to pee, she crosses her legs, dances or dances, shifts from foot to foot, some even squeeze themselves with their hands in that very sweet place. Just fantasize for a second and imagine such a picture for a minute!

Well, doesn't that look cute and erotic? They have very touching and funny grimaces at the same time: she rolls her eyes, chatters her teeth, sexily bites her lower lip... Does this remind you of anything? A girl behaves in the same way when she poses in front of a camera or video camera, or when she deliberately seduces a man she likes, thus trying to arouse him. There are so many such amateur photos of girls, where she, posing, crosses her legs, sticks out her ass, sexily squats, plays with facial expressions: rolls her eyes, bites her lips and depicts other such characteristically girlish grimaces that attract men so much. 

When a girl's bladder is full to such an extent that they begin to worry about the impending problem, all these characteristic grimaces (unless, of course, the girl suppresses her natural impulses by an effort of will, and does not allow herself to outwardly show desire) begin to manifest themselves involuntarily, and this, of course, attracts attention to them, because it looks seductive.

In general, according to my personal observations and comparisons, the facial expressions of girls at such moments are identical to the expression when they are very excited and are about to have an orgasm.... Orgasm and agony are perhaps related sensations, much like genius and insanity. It is not for nothing that girls, finding themselves in such a situation (when they wildly want to relieve themselves), run to the end of their lives, tear off themselves They sit down and murmur, and a second later they breathe a sigh of relief and say, "This is cooler than an orgasm!!." I don't think they're lying. There is another nuance here: orgasm is an intimate matter, and girls prefer to achieve it in a secluded place with a partner.

But in order to reach orgasm, both the girl and her partner still need to try. But when girls are in a hurry out of necessity, you can't spin it, and relief will inevitably come sooner or later... And there is a risk that you may simply not reach home, because what is "cooler than orgasm" can happen earlier, it's good if it's in the bushes or in the nearest toilet, it's worse when it's in clothes. However, it's worse for them, but not for me and my imagination.

***

From time to time, I personally observed such situations in my life, however, all these cases ended happily for the girls (except for those when they knew about my fantasy and agreed to fulfill it). Although the first and only such case in my memory happened in kindergarten, I did not personally see it, but the information reached the whole group. We had one lively girl, one from a series of activists. And on one spring walk in the morning, she peed. I only remember how she sat alone in the group at lunch, crying. It was extremely unexpected that it was her, and not someone else or another. But that was my childhood. She was five or six years old.

***

At school, surprisingly, there was not a single instance in my presence where any of the schoolgirls showed signs of a strong desire to go to the toilet. But the first and only memory I had from my school days was on vacation in the south, in a village not far from Sochi.

I was ten years old at the time, and the girl was nine. She liked me, but at that time, due to my age, I was not interested in girls. One day she and I were coming back from the beach. It was another ten minutes to get home, and then she stopped and said to me.

- Wait here. I'm running away to Tuapse (that's what she called the toilet, there's a city in the south).

"We'll be back soon," I said

And she, bending the knee of her right leg, and squeezing the left with her right thigh, said:

"I'm getting sick of it," and she waved into a nearby wooden establishment.

I was replaying this moment in my head for a long time.

***

But I didn't see anything like it again until I graduated from high school. And later, when I was in college, I periodically watched small scenes with a classmate named Veronica. It was as if she had guessed about my fantasy, because several times she had experienced (and she openly demonstrated it) those states that drive me crazy, or rather, my brain is clouded with wild excitement and lust.

Once, during a break, when I and several other people were standing at the door of the closed office, Veronica was standing with her friends, and suddenly began to dance coquettishly and openly, grabbed her crotch with her hand and asked:

- Girls, who's going to the toilet with me? Hurry up, I'm going to off!

Later, during one big break, she sat in the office. I was chatting with a classmate, and suddenly she said, "Damn, I want to piss!" My heart pounded, my eardrums stiffened, and my eyes squinted in her direction. Then the bell rang, and she asked in a panic, "Is that for class already? Pancake. And I didn't go to pee, what to do, I can't stand it in class?!" Her friend reasonably remarked, "So what's the problem, Veronica? Run away before it's too late." And she ran...

I also remember an incident when we were doing laboratory work. Veronica was sitting on the second desk, in front of me, with a friend. Suddenly, I hear her say to her desk mate:

- Damn, how much time is left until the end of the pair?

"Twenty minutes more," she said.

She didn't answer, but began to fidget. Then she stood up, bent her left leg, put it on a chair, and put her butt on it. Distracted from the laboratory, I looked with pleasure at Veronikin, tightly covered with jeans, the "nut". And then she utters the cherished words:

"Damn, I'm going to myself." I want to go to the toilet, I just can't!

And he starts fidgeting. How on purpose! It's like he knows how it affects me. Neighbor says:

"Then ask me to come out."

But she's not in a hurry. He keeps fidgeting. And then there is more. She brazenly lifts her ass, and rubs her jeans between her legs with her right hand. Even the neighbor exclaimed:

- Veronica, what are you talking about? Not at all! Go already. Otherwise, there will be a puddle!

And she asks the teacher for her, let Veronica go, she needs to get out. A caring neighbor!

However, from time to time small episodes happened to her, the girl was relaxed, open, and did not hesitate to say aloud that she needed to pee.

***

When I was a student, I started going to rock concerts. There I met a punk girl. For all her appearance, alternativeness, and anti-pop, she was a typical representative of the very category of girls I wrote about at the very beginning of the story – a girl with an innate natural sexuality.

She often came to visit me. All the mass parties took place with her participation, and I liked her. She liked me too. But that's not what I'm talking about, it's about the fact that there was a small episode with her once, which is an integral part of my sexual fantasy.

It was the ninth of May. In a small crowd we moved into the city. A long line of people stretched across the blocked square. At a leisurely pace, we formed part of this marching chaotic column. And my heart skipped a beat with excitement when the punk nymph threw out the dreamy phrase: "I would like to piss...", looking around. There was no way to do this without being open to the eyes of the crowd, and we walked slowly through the entire square. As I walked, I imagined that she was already splashing fluid in her bladder. As we approached the monument, we found a crowd of acquaintances, and the pankusha began to hug and greet everyone, forgetting for a second about the suffering bladder. But five minutes later, just as I described the Southern nine-year-old girl, with her right knee bent and her right thigh clasped on her left, she said, "Who's going to go to the bathroom with me? CCCC. I want to piss, I can't take it anymore!"

***

The following small observation, strange as it may seem, occurred during my military service in the armed forces of the Russian Federation. One day, a daytime attendant came running and told me that a guy and a girl had come to see me at the checkpoint. They came unexpectedly for me. He was a friend of mine who was in the same class, and he started dating this girl at the same time that I was called to serve.

They spent only fifteen minutes with me and left. And this happened for a very simple reason. Entering the barracks, the girl asked about the toilet (it took them two hours to get to the unit, plus twenty minutes by bus), and what kind of toilet was there in the barracks? Masculine, of course. And she categorically refused to go there. Then we sat in the smoking-room, but the girl made it clear to my friend that she wanted a little and that she could not wait. Very quickly they left.

The second moment was when a girl came to one soldier for a showdown. Sort things out. I was on duty at the checkpoint. The girl was an under-shafe. And in ten minutes she told me the whole story of the relationship, about what a jerk he was, and how much she hated him... She hates her for deceiving her, saying that they don't let her go on leave, and he came last week and went to another woman. And then she asked abruptly, "Okay. Where can I go to the toilet here?" I said that you can go to the grass behind the checkpoint.

She crossed her legs and asked, "What? You don't even have a proper toilet here? Well, actually... And what am I going to do now?!" I didn't know what to say to her (or rather, I said to myself, "Pee in your pants if you don't want to pee in the grass"). In addition, the assistant of the duty officer, that is, me, "floated out" from somewhere, and, smiling, began to pay compliments to the girl and sing her praises. In the middle of the eulogy, the girl, after thinking it over, reported, "That's all right. I'm going to go look for the toilet!" and left. She came back relieved and continued to reproach her lover for what the world was worth.

***

In the summer, after the army, together with the same friend who came to my unit with a girl who wanted to go to the toilet, we guarded one large building. For us, the work was as follows: we took a shift, locked the doors, and went for a walk. Most often, they did not return alone, but with the fair sex. One day, I came to his place with two girls I had met with another friend earlier. We approached the building at the moment when he went to make his rounds. Cell phones were not yet ubiquitous at that time.

We stood and waited. I entertained the girls. It was drizzling outside. One of the girls kept asking him how long he was going to walk there, and after a minute she revealed the reasons for her anxiety – she wanted to go to the toilet. Then she began to dance, shrink, her friend offered her to drive her into the bushes. She refused, saying that it was wet and unpleasant. The friend was delayed. A few minutes later, when the rain began to drizzle, she said, "Soon it will be drizzling and it will be very wet..." A friend came and opened the door. "Where's the toilet?" she asked. He showed her. At night, they had an intimate relationship.

A little later, both of us quit, but we agreed with other watchmen, our own age, that we could not come to visit at night alone, and, having received the "go-ahead", we went "hunting". Luck smiled on us instantly in the form of three young girls walking around the city at night, one of whom was a very sympathetic young girl. Our proposal was accepted without objection and we went to the guarded building through the stall.

While the friend was buying light liquor, the sympopulka began to complain that she wanted to pee. We reached the building, woke up the watchman, and he couldn't find the key. And the girl crossed her legs and repeated that she wanted to write... The key stubbornly could not be found... And she was already saying so angrily and capriciously: "Why has he taken so long? You don't understand? I'm in TU-A-LET, HO-CHOO!!." The key was never found. We decided to climb over the window. First a friend climbed over, then another girl. 

She couldn't believe that the door wouldn't open, and kept saying that she refused to climb through the window, and that she had an overflowing bladder. Still, she climbed. I dropped her off, and my friend helped her climb up through the window. "Drag me quickly!! AAA! Pressure on the bubble! I'm going to pee!" she shouted at him as her tummy inevitably pressed against the wall, creating additional external pressure. I wonder if she held out while she was climbing, or if she still shoved a little into her panties?

***

Then all our parties moved to the apartment of a friend, whose parents spent the whole spring-summer-autumn at the dacha. And we spent nights at his apartment. In the evenings, we walked in the center and got acquainted with students. I would like to mention in passing one incident when we talked to and invited three first-year students to visit.

They broke down and refused to go. At first. After a while, they no longer took this proposal with hostility, and wondered how far to go. Then they agreed. When we arrived, it was necessary to walk. And that's when one of them asked a question that interested the rest of the students, as it turned out: "How far do you live?" We explained it to them. The second question was, "Can I go to the toilet?" (no, you can't, I thought to myself), but we said that of course you can.

On the landing, while her friend was opening the door, one of them shifted frantically from foot to foot, and entering the apartment, taking off her shoes with a low exclamation: "Toilet!!", the first rushed into the relieving cubicle.

The second case was somewhat similar to this one. Same characters, except for the girls. And they also break down, but it was the one I chose for myself (and she, as it turned out, me too) who insisted on coming to us. On the way, I guessed why, and heard from her that I was not mistaken in my assumption - she wanted to write. The situation was complicated for her by the fact that the second friend came to his house to pick up or give something away. 

And we stood in the yard on a warm summer evening, waiting for him to come back soon. Wasting no time, I hugged the girl who wanted to write and asked her, "How are you?" She said, "Oh, I still want to go to the bathroom." We laughed at my answer: "If you still want to, it's all right for now. Otherwise, you'd have an accident." She replied that if I made her laugh now, the "accident" would certainly happen. And she reproachfully warned: "If I pee, it will be on your conscience!" I was ready to take such a sin upon my soul! But we reached it safely, without "accidents". Alas.

***

A

"poignant" case, literally "on the verge", happened once in front of my eyes, when everything could actually end up with a girl's wet jeans.

I was out with the same friend, he was going home. We met three students. I saw one of them for the second time in my life – the first time I met her was at a disco, and that time it seemed to me that the girl really fell in love with me, but I did not try to "fight back" her.

At the second meeting, I was convinced that I was not mistaken last time. While my friend was exchanging phone numbers with the one I liked, a girl I had already known earlier made it clear that she would like to get to know me better. And she whispered that she was even ready to separate from her friends. At that moment, the friends went into the bushes, and she was left alone to stand with me, telling them that she did not want to. I guess she lied, in fact she wanted to. When my friends returned, we said we were leaving, and they continued on their way together. We went for a walk, then I bought her a beer, and we sat on a park bench chatting. After a while, she hinted that she wanted to go to the bathroom.

I offered to take a taxi and continue our acquaintance at home. The girl agreed without hesitation. She was visibly drunk from the beer she had drunk, and her desire to visit the ladies' room was clearly increasing. I called a taxi, and we drove to my place. In the car, she climbed up to me with drunken tenderness. When we got out, she asked us to go to the store and buy a lighter. And she reminded: "I really want to go to the toilet!" I didn't say anything, and we moved on. Her gait was staggering, her tongue was tangled. At the store, she said again: "I really want to go to the bathroom! How far is it to go to you?" I pointed to the house, near the store, and she calmed down a little, and reminded me of the lighter.

We went into the store, and while I was knocking a lighter into the cash register, I noticed the cashier's surprised and strange look in the direction of the girl. When I turned around, I saw her twitching and standing in a pose: "Mommy. I'm going to blow up my pants!" And just as I thought about it, she said in a panic, "I feel bad. I need to sit down!" And she walked out of the store. I followed her and saw her looking around in horror. And there was only an open space, albeit uninhabited. She repeated again, "I feel very bad! I need to sit down!" I reasonably objected to her: "Where are you going to sit here? We'll be here in three minutes."

But even this shortcut, she kept saying, "I have to sit down. I'll sit right now and here! I don't care anymore!" But then I didn't allow her idea to come true. In the blink of an eye, we were standing in my driveway, and while I was taking out the keys to the intercom, she moved a little to the left.

People were sitting in the yard, including those from a neighbor's house, it is possible that someone observed this picture. I went to her, and she said, "I don't care! I don't care anymore!", at the same time she unbuttoned her jeans and began to squat. I didn't let her urinate near my porch. He took her by the hand and led her along. Luckily for her, the elevator was on the first floor, and I assured her that we would arrive soon.

We got into the elevator. She turned to the front wall, nuzzled her forehead against it, the button and fly on her jeans were unbuttoned, and her white panties were clearly visible. She clamped her hand over her crotch and prayed silently to herself. I can say with confidence that this was the case when the girl really could have poured into jeans right in the elevator, but she endured.

As I opened the door, she was saying, "Hurry, hurry!" In the hallway, rather leisurely, she took off her shoes, and asked for some reason: "I'm going to the bathroom. May I?" I wonder if I had said no, what would have happened then? Would she have made a mess right in the hallway?

I replied that it was possible. She thanked him and locked herself in the bathroom. A second later, the sound of the surf came from there...

We slept that night and I never saw her again, but I didn't enjoy sex with her, unlike her desperous state.

***

Perhaps the sexiest girl I met at that time was Katya. You can write about the history of acquaintance, relationships, repetitions and other things for a long time. I will only give a brief account of it, and of course I shall not forget the episode which belongs to my fancy.

Katya was twenty-four years old, she was married at the time, but her relationship with her husband was like that of a cat with a dog. That's one of the reasons why she was looking for adventures on the side. She was raising her two-year-old daughter, with whom I got along right away. And Katya herself had a very good figure and exuded animal sexual energy from within herself. She allowed me to use these gifts of nature, although she knew how to manipulate me competently. However, I was willing to do anything to meet her, visit her, and have sex with her from time to time. One day we went to the cinema and she was drinking a low-alcohol cocktail. 

After the film, they went to my place. We got off one stop earlier. She asked me to buy another gin tonic. As we stood in line, she crossed her legs and then began to shift. I guessed that the drink I had drunk was begging to come out. At the apartment, she repeated her gesture, but said nothing. Entering, she hurriedly kicked off her shoes, did not pass, but ran into the toilet, pulled off her panties, sat on the toilet, and instantly gurgled. Only then did she close the door.

Katya was the first girl to whom I confessed my fantasy. At first, we were just talking about sexual fantasies, and she told me about hers. In essence, her fantasy is a rapist-victim role-play. But it would have turned her on. It's a pity we didn't have time to try. I didn't admit my fantasy because I was afraid that she would think I was crazy or a pervert. But, in the end, he confessed. A couple of days later, as I told her the essence of the fantasy, another episode occurred.

We were walking in the yard with her daughter. Two hours later, we walked home through the store. When my daughter said, "Mom Katya, I want cheese," she said, "Nastya, I don't have time to take cheese, let's go home as soon as possible." We left the house. And she walked briskly toward the house. And her daughter and I were lagging behind. Turning around, she said to me in an imperative tone: "Take her in your arms, or we will walk like this for two hours." At the door of the apartment, she began to shuffle and utter a dull sound: "ssssssss Entering the apartment, she put her bag on a chair, and, undressing, continued to dance. Her daughter began to demand something from her, and received an answer: "Nastya, go to the forest. Mommy almost peed on the way!"

***

Gradually, the relationship with Katya faded. For a while, I just walked on my own. Once, a large group of us went to another city for a music festival. There were girls in the minority among us.

When we arrived, the whole crowd went to someone's friend's house, which did not make him happy at all. After two hours of noise, chaos and chaos, he called his other acquaintances who were themselves preparing for the festival and were ready to receive such a noisy crowd. On foot, we moved to the other end of the city. The fact is that the city was so small that even buses did not run, and it was possible to comb it in half an hour. However, we walked almost as long, maybe a little less. Soon, a girl in light-colored trousers needed a cast. And judging by her quick glance, the liquid was pressing down on the valve quite hard. 

After making sure that there were no toilets or completely secluded places, she did not try her luck, but simply turned to the girls from the party: "Does anyone want to go to the toilet?" There was no reply. And then, showing signs of burning impatience and looking around once more, she said quietly aloud, "I'm going to piss myself now," and turned to one of the girls in our party, whom she did not know, "Shall we go, shall we go to the house?" But she replied that she didn't want to, and a little, as it seemed to me, condescending and arrogant. (Like, are you guys here, and they shouldn't know that girls pee). Three minutes later, there was another attempt at conversion, which was completely ignored (but I followed the development closely), after which the girl said two more times to nowhere, "I'm going to in my pants."

We reached the house of strangers. The girl did not get any better, but her blonde trousers remained dry. Then, some on foot, some by elevator, went up to the eighth floor, they opened it for us, but they were in no hurry to let such a large crowd of strangers in. And then she made a decision, prefacing it with the phrase: "Okay. Now it's going to begin: let's go somewhere else, and I won't piss." Then she went up to the attic. Three minutes later, she came down, satisfied with her life. And three more later, the whole crowd of us fell into the apartment.

***

At one time a silent girl of short stature came to me. She was quiet and calm in nature, but not shy or shy, especially in sex. One day I invited her to my house "for a movie." I treated her to juice, we were lying on the couch watching a movie, her head was on my chest, and I was leisurely caressing various parts of the girl's body with my hand. Near the end of the film, she said:

- I'd like it to be over sooner. I really want to go to the toilet.

One of her phrases made a strong impression on me. My stroking became even more gentle. Apparently, the girl also felt this and was in no hurry to leave, receiving her portion of caresses from me. When the movie was over, she rejoiced and exclaimed:

- At last. Otherwise, I can barely stand it.

However, I ignored her wishes, and instead of letting her pee, I began to kiss her earlobe, neck, lips and began to undress... Soon she reminded me that she wanted to go to the bathroom, but I took her to the bathroom. There she asked:

"Should I go right here?"

I replied in the affirmative, after which the stream from her hole merged with the water pouring from the shower.

***

After my first confession to Katya, I was much more relaxed about my own fantasy, which some, however, mostly hypocrites and rigid conservatives, classify as "It's not normal" and call it "Perversion." I won't argue with them, but I won't agree either. There were girls who reacted quite adequately and normally, even with interest, to my confession. And then I began to think in this way: to see desper, not to mention vetting, in real life in a random way is a rarity and a great luck, but if you awaken the interest of a girl you know in this fantasy or just ask her to fulfill it, you can see an artificially created situation.

One day I met a medical college student. Soon I told her about the fantasy and suggested that she try not to go to the toilet before the meeting, go to me, drink juice from me and continue to endure. Reluctantly, the girl agreed. Moreover, she allowed me to film everything that was happening on a video camera. But already at home, as soon as we arrived, she said that she really wanted to go to the toilet. Outwardly, this state was not noticeable in her, and I did not believe that she was already very eager to write. I found some old jeans for her, just in case, for her to change into. She drank the juice for another twenty minutes, twirled to the music, and did not let go of her hands from her crotch. Then she said she couldn't take it anymore and went to the bathroom. I followed her with a camera in my hands. When he asked me to stand there for a while and be patient a little longer, she answered:

- Where else can I endure? I'm already peeing.

I thought she was exaggerating, but when I personally unbuttoned and pulled down her jeans and panties, I saw a stream pouring right into her clothes. I walked out of the toilet with the video camera in my hands, she looked away in embarrassment and wrote, then closed the door. There was an impressive puddle on the floor of the toilet after it. In the room, I filmed the aftermath - the jeans on the side of the butt were wet below the knees.

Another time I tried to ask her to be patient again, but she flatly refused. I only agreed to pee. She climbed into the bathroom in the pants I had given her, peed herself in them, and finally said, "How disgusting."

***

In the autumn of one year, I met a married girl at a disco. Her husband went on a month-long business trip, and I spent time with his wife. The girl was very fond of light alcoholic drinks and sex. And sex in different places.

So one evening during the Indian summer I mastered it on the veranda of the kindergarten. I would also like to note that she did not hesitate to relieve herself in front of me. And it was not without pleasure that I watched her squatting down. Subsequently, she showed a reverse medal – a harmful character. However, I was not her husband, so I did not suffer. One day we were sitting on a bench talking, she was drinking either beer or gin, and before she went to get more, she said that she would sit down first to relieve herself. I objected. He persuaded me to go to the store first... She sighed, but agreed on one condition: "Only quickly, and if I don't run to the bush, I'll sit down earlier, and you cover me then." "No problem," I replied and off we went.

There was a small queue at the store, and she didn't shift, squeeze her hips, cross her legs, and certainly not squeeze herself in her crotch. However, the tension on her face, as well as the look she looked at me, betrayed her desire, and showed how hard it was for her to hide her impatience.

We went back very quickly. I confess that I really wanted to relieve myself, so I stepped aside. The girl wanted to go back and pee in a more secluded place.

- Finish quickly. Hear! Quit it! Pancake! I'm going to pee! - she urged me, using all methods to restrain the stream that was about to gush out of the tether between the thighs...

Standing still caused the pressure on her bladder to become unbearable, and we ran to a secluded place, where, turning her ass to me, lowering her panties and lifting her skirt, she let out a powerful, hissing stream with a moan.

***

Some episodes can be observed during concerts and public events.

In one small club, during a sound check, an acquaintance of the musicians burst in, greeted them casually and asked: "Is the toilet open? I thought I wouldn't take you. I'm going to die!"

In the same club, there was a habit of closing the passage to the corridor where the toilets were located during the performance. And they were not allowed to go outside. And when they were released, on the other side of the building, you could see a lot of girls' butts. One day, a girl who discovered that she couldn't get to the toilet began to panic. I heard the phrase: "Give me a saucer. I'm going down right here." Then she complained to the barmaid, and she was escorted.

Once, the metal band "Master" came to us. There I met a regular at such events. We knew each other, or rather, we were friends with each other. From time to time we called each other. There was no question of any sexual relations, though until she aroused my interest in her, after an incident that caused me to become aroused and to have sexual intercourse with her.

Me, her and her age, a sufferer-boyfriend, went to the trolleybus stop after the concert. The boyfriend looked at me angrily, because he felt a competitor, and mentally, I think, he wanted me to go my own way. While I was waiting for the trolleybus, I said: "I'll go and pour" and went to the tree. The girl said enviously, "You're lucky!" and then my attention was focused on her. When he returned, she looked at him, and again enviously repeated, "You're lucky..." and added, "I want it too!" However, she refused to accept his offer to run into the bushes.

The seats in the trolleybus were occupied, and the girl could hardly hide her torment at the end. She bit her lip and crossed her legs. And we cheered her up and at the same time made fun of her, and she was indignant: "What bastards you guys are! You're kidding me!"

We arrived safely. We got off at the bus stop, she ran into a café and relieved herself in the toilet, despite a sign that read, "The toilet is for visitors only!"

Another incident at a major summer rock festival. At such an event, there are several dry toilets, and there is always a queue attached to them, and sometimes a long one. I was standing there, and just about to go in next, when a lively girl appeared from somewhere, and after asking who was going next, she said that she would not delay the line, and would come in with me if I did not mind. Timid voices of objection rang out from behind, and I answered the proposal with tacit consent. When we walked in, she said, "Let's go you first, and I'll do it after." She asked me what kind of photo I had, and then, after asking if I minded, she unbuttoned my jeans and pressed her hand between my legs, explaining it this way: "I really want to write. But don't get distracted." 

And I was just getting distracted. As she waited for me to make room for her, she shared her thoughts with me: "It's just that there's a very long line. And when you really want to write, you can't stand. You can even pee. And I can barely stand it anymore." I made room for her so she wouldn't pee. The girl pulled off her panties, and dropped: "Ah. What a thrill!" she murmured. Half a minute later, she got up, refueled, I opened the booth and we got out of it. The girl said goodbye and ran away. A little later, I saw her as part of a large company. In the booth, she managed to mention that she had come with friends.

***

The City Day can also be attributed to this series. As a rule, most girls, without hesitation, sit down in bushes, yards, behind garages, not being at all embarrassed by the presence of the male sex. At such a moment, it feels like everyone is equal. But there are those who do not allow themselves such vulgarity and frank naturalism, and therefore patiently, and sometimes not very much, wait for their turn to the bio-toilet.

On several occasions I have seen some of the girls shifting in anticipation of their time. One girl, whom I watched for a very long time, danced and put her legs crosswise when she stood. I must have waited ten minutes for my turn. When she came out, she took a mirror out of her purse, and with the help of it she examined her light trousers for dampness. And three girlfriends somehow endured with the last of their strength, but continued to stand in line. In the end, one of them couldn't stand it anymore and ran behind the booth. The two laughed, but continued to wait their turn, shifting from foot to foot. One of them was joking, feigning a desperate state. As I got closer, I heard her say, "I'm going to myself off like Marinka. 

Ahh Shhhhh At the same time, she depicted the following: she shuffles, then squeezes her hips, and puts the soles of her feet wider than shoulder width, sits down, pretending to lift her skirt, and pretends that her pantyhose are flowing. Perhaps this was a red herring, because as soon as the booth was free, she was the first to rush in, breaking off her friend, who herself was on the verge of disgrace. The girlfriend was left alone with the closed cubicle, dancing very hard, at times squeezing her hips with all her might, rolling her eyes and biting her lips. Then she started knocking on the door and panicking: "Hurry, Anya. Let's hurry! Sss Hear? I'm going to write it now!"

***

And then, one fine winter day, the culminating moment in my life came, when I met a special girl, and we knew such a powerful passion, love, harmony... The list of epithets is endless. I will only tell you about one artificial episode related to my fantasy that happened to this girl. Why artificial? It's just that the very next day after we met and spent the night together, I told a lot about myself. Including my imagination. She didn't understand it at first, but the next day she said she found it interesting. In general, she herself suggested trying to artificially create such a situation. And before that, she told a little story.

She once took an intercity bus home. I rode in a light dress, and the air conditioning in the bus worked uninterruptedly. Despite the heat outside, the cold air blew down her legs, making her want to go to the bathroom more and more. She drove and endured to get to the city for two hours. And where they passed, there were all bare fields all around. In addition, drivers do not stop. And so, when there was still half an hour left to her hometown, she realized that if she did not get off at the nearest stop, then a puddle would certainly form under the seat. She jumped out and ran like a bullet to the gas station in the cherished toilet. She walked the rest of the way, cursing and reproaching herself. From then on, she always chose a different path – twice as long, but with two changes, because she was afraid of history repeating itself, which could also end in the described panties sooner or later. I will preface the next story by saying that I was able to help her eradicate this fear.

And so, after she agreed and expressed a desire to experiment, she and I went to a café, where she drank five cups of tea for two and a half hours. It must be said that the waiters and the bartender were a little surprised by such an order. However, after drinking cups of tea, my girlfriend told me, "Amazing. But after you've told me about your fantasy, I've had a few cups of tea, and I'm sitting there quite calmly, and I could have a drink of it.In 2014, the Netherlands But if it had been during the trip, I would have wanted to go to the toilet just thinking about the amount of drinking."

In order not to embarrass the waitresses, we walked to another café. And there I ordered another cup for her. I have to admit, despite the fact that I didn't order much for myself, I realized that if I didn't go to the toilet, I would find myself in this position, and I did. One of us should not have been in a desperate situation. After I returned, she suggested that we go for a walk, and said that she would love to visit the toilet herself, but she would go to the end of the experiment. We went outside. It was already late and cool. Five minutes later, my girlfriend started giving SOS signals: "Okay, let's take a taxi, and it's closer to home!" I calmly replied, "Okay, now." "No, not now," she protested, "but RIGHT NOW!"

I obediently caught the first car I came across, and off we went. In front of the house, she performed her magic dance called: "I really want to go to the toilet, I'm going to pee now." And I took some pictures with her camera. Then we went up to the apartment, she rolled her eyes and moaned, "Faster, faster," squeezing her thighs tightly, and I couldn't help but take this shot, which was blurry because my hands were shaking and I wasn't focusing. In the apartment, she even freaked out a little when I looked at the footage instead of helping her take off her shoes. 

However, when I lifted her leg higher to take off her boots, she screamed, "Ouch! Don't put pressure on my bladder." A rush of tenderness swept over me through the arousal. And I said gently, "I'm sorry." But my girl got on her knees, and sat her ass on the heels of her feet. She closed her eyes, as if she were praying, and said, "I'm peeing everything! I'm peeing!" But she restrained herself, and with my help she got up, and, without bending to the end, accompanied by me, entered the bathroom, I helped her step over the edge of the bathtub, and, taking pictures, through the digital window of the camera, watched her pee through her panties...

Half an hour later, we were lying naked in a warm bed. We looked at the photos.

"You know, I'm looking at the picture, and I'm getting excited by myself," she said as I lay on top of her.

The night and the sex were unforgettable...

***

At one concert, I liked a blonde girl. She was a beautiful, well-built natural blonde, but not one of those who are called "Dumb Blonde" - on the contrary, she was an excellent student of the Faculty of History, very well-mannered, cultured and a little modest girl.

I met her at a concert when I was drunk and didn't behave very well. However, she left me her phone number and I called her afterwards, but we never met. In addition to her studies, she worked in a puppet theater. Creative nature. Then our communication stopped, and it wasn't until eight months later that I saw her for the first time at a rock concert. Subsequently, she was courted by a vocalist from a brutal band - a rude and rude guy, which surprised me greatly. And one day, my friend and I, whom I have already mentioned (coming to the army), went to this company for a barbecue.

There were informals, including this boorish guy, and the contrast to all this bedlam was that blonde girl. That guy, drunk, was climbing up to her with his rough tenderness, but a quick glance from the outside was enough to understand how much she didn't like it. We exchanged glances and smiled at each other. At one point, the guy caught our eye and walked up to her and hugged her roughly. Five minutes later, she told him she wanted to go home and asked him to accompany him. He tried to persuade me to stay. And the girl only timidly begged to accompany her, and insisted on not lingering here. He was approached by a drunken friend from the group. And after a few minutes, the obsessive suitor let the girl go and said that he would be away for a while.

"Where are you going?" She asked.

"We'll go to the toilet," his friend answered for him

, "You're lucky!" - the girl said with envy and sadness, and turned to her suitor, - Anton, I'm sorry. But I'll go. It's time for me to go home.

He was displeased with her insistence and asked irritably:

"Why are you always rushing home?" Let's hang out a little longer, and then I'll see you off.

But the girl insisted. And then a shrewd friend publicly exposed the girl:

"She just wants to write, so she wants to go home. And he's embarrassed to admit it.

"Yes, you're right, that's why I want to go home," the girl was glad to understand.

"So what's the problem, come with us, you're coming from the other side."

"Why, I can't go there," she said.

- Don't worry. If you pee quietly, no one will see you. You want to write," he reassured her, "All right," she agreed, "just promise not to peek!"

"We promise," he said, and the three of them went.

Litso virgin shining with joys

***

On one of the first warm days, after a long winter, my friend and I were sitting on the bench of the bus stop after a walk. We were faced with the question: should we continue to walk, or should we run home? The friend was inclined to take a walk. I thought about it. But one important factor influenced the final decision. A young girl sat down next to me. More precisely, at first, she stood next to her two girlfriends, and in their trio she was the leader. Then she sat down. From the conversations between them, it became clear that they were waiting for a minibus and were heading to the area where I lived at the time. The girl was drinking gin and tonic, and before sitting next to me, she threw the empty can into the garbage can. 

In the midst of their chatter, I caught her saying, "Shall we go to the bathroom at the café?" But my friend insisted that we would go. And then the girl said: "I really want to go to the toilet, let me run there first." But her friend refused to let her go. At that moment, my friend turned to me: "Well, shall we move on?" Guess what I said to him. In general, I decided to see how this story would end, especially since the necessary minibus stubbornly did not arrive, and the girl warned her friend that "there will be a puddle in the minibus." My friend remained cool, and soon a transport arrived, they got in, and I, saying a sharp goodbye to my friend, sat down next to them.

When the transport started moving, I immediately struck up a conversation with them, and the girl, who was afraid that she would leave a puddle behind, willingly rambled something about herself to me, without giving the slightest sign of wanting to go to the toilet. However, as soon as we got out, the first thing she said was, "I'd like to run into that bush near the house right now." "Aren't you afraid of what they'll see?" I don't care anymore. It's better than peeing." And yet she didn't go, and when the other friend went the other way, I accompanied her home "eager to be relieved." She complained that her friend prevented her from going to the café before leaving. And then she jokingly said: "The main thing is not to endure, but to convey." At the entrance, while I was recording the phone and she was dictating it, her legs were performing an impatient dance. Fifteen minutes later, I called her and asked her if she had made it. She laughed and said, "It's okay. I made it!"

***

I once met a girl on a dating site. Her name was Sveta. In the process of correspondence and communication on the phone, I told her in detail about my fantasy. In the evening, before our night meeting, she drank tea and did not go to the toilet, agreeing to be patient. At my house, she also drank a large mug of tea. When she wanted to go to the toilet more, she didn't have time to go – we went outside...

We were standing outside at about six in the morning near my entrance. The street was bright and almost deserted, although sometimes people came out of the entrances and went somewhere. There were drunken people among them. I stood there nervous. The taxi driver was delayed, and I wanted to get away from my house as soon as possible.

- Can you hear me? Let's go to you! Get out the keys! She was nervous, and almost reached into my pocket for the keys.

"The taxi's coming, don't worry!" I replied, still keeping my cool.

"You don't understand! "Oh!" she almost whimpered, "that I won't make it home." I'll pee in the car!

"All right, then I'll take you to the bushes or over there, behind the building!"

- I don't walk outside! Open the door to the stairwell, and let's go to you! Hear?! She panicked.

I didn't react, and I wondered where the hell the taxi was. Sveta made a few circles around me.

"Well, where's that taxi?!" She asked.

"Yes, he'll be here in a moment." I tell you, let's go, I'll take you behind that building.

"I'm telling you again!" I won't go behind the building! Open the door to the stairwell! Or I'm going to start screaming because I just don't care anymore!

I think she would have thrown a tantrum in another two minutes, but luckily a taxi pulled up and we got into the car.

Sveta was sitting, and once she even cried out a little, but not loudly, but chokedly, and bit into my hand, and I was already stroking her hand and quietly calming her down... She endured until the end of the route. I paid the taxi driver, opened the door, and helped her out of the car. She got out and couldn't straighten up for about fifteen seconds, then, without fully straightening up, she walked quickly to her driveway, and I followed her. We went to the entrance, she called the elevator. The doors opened immediately because the elevator was on the ground floor. She came in, and I stood and held the door. She looked pitiful.

"Will you come with me?" She asked, shifting in place.

"Yes, I don't think so, I'd rather stay here with you," I said.

"No, I'm not staying here," she said, biting her lip, "come and visit me if you want to see it through."

I imagined that at this early time I would be in her apartment, it was quite possible that her parents were already awake, they would see me... I didn't want such a meeting. I had enough emotions for today, I didn't want to run into her parents, despite the temptation to see Sveta already running to the toilet. I was holding the elevator doors.

"Maybe you'll be better off with me after all?" I asked.

- Oh no! Sveta began to push me away from her, "I won't give you such pleasure!"

A little later, she called me.

"Aren't you offended by me?" She asked.

To be honest, I was even surprised by her question.

"Of course not," I answered, "I thought you were offended." Why should I be offended by you?

"Well, I pushed you so hard at the end when you were standing at the elevator, I just couldn't control myself anymore.

- No, I'm probably the one who went too far today. By the way, how did you get to the apartment?

- That's all right. Only I didn't have time to get to the toilet, already there I began to pee in jeans," Sveta admitted.

Another time she was drinking tea and we called when she really wanted to go to the toilet. While we were talking about abstract topics, I didn't feel anything in the conversation, but as soon as I asked about her condition, Sveta remembered that she was very eager to write, and this immediately made it more difficult for her to endure. By the end of the conversation, she could hardly pronounce the words, and I was the only one who spoke, and she only answered me in monosyllables. Her voice trembled, and sighs could be heard. She was clearly at the stage when we were in the taxi. At some point, Sveta could hardly answer me, every word was difficult for her, and she swallowed the endings. All I could hear was her breathing heavily. At some point, she quieted down. I became worried and asked if everything was all right. She replied plaintively: "I peed." "Yes, all my pantyhose are wet, I barely had time to put the basin up, but there is still a puddle on the floor."

A little later, I persuaded Sveta to another night meeting. We agreed that she would drink heavily, and then we would walk with her until she peed. She came to the meeting in warm black tights. I opened the box for her and she began to drink the drink. Then we went for a walk. It seemed that she did not want to go to the toilet at all, although Sveta said that she already wanted to. We walked for a while, and in those moments when we stopped, she already began to shuffle from foot to foot, almost like in staged videos. After all, I like real situations, and when everything is set up, it's still not the same. There is some kind of unnaturalness in this, artifice, and what is very exciting when you fantasize about it turns into some kind of imitation. It's like faking an orgasm, when everything seems to be happening on the outside, but in fact the main thing is missing.

We walked like this for some time, the weather was not very good: a cold wind blew, sometimes snow fell. We wandered around, but somehow it was all about nothing

- I really want to go to the toilet, but I don't feel like peeing in my clothes. Come on, maybe I'll just pee and you can take a look? Sveta suggested.

"But I want to see you endure it with the last of your strength, and then you can't stand it anymore and pee!" I answered.

- Yes, I really want it right now!

"But I don't really see it in you!"

- So it won't be visible. It's just that I've got a rock inside me right now, and I just won't be able to pee right now. And I just want to do it as soon as possible and that's it.

We walked past the school and went behind a nook and cranny. Behind this nook there was rubbish. We went up the stairs, Sveta lifted her skirt and sat down over the tiles. For almost a minute, nothing happened.

"I want it very badly now," she said, "but I can't even start, it's already hurting there." Let me just take off my pantyhose and pee like this?

"Let's do as agreed," I disagreed.

We stood in silence for a while, and then I noticed that drops of liquid began to seep through her pantyhose, and then a small stream poured out. It only lasted a few seconds.

"That's it," Sveta said, "I'm a little relieved. I'll finish it normally at home. I guess I'll change my clothes there.

We walked in the direction of her house.

"Oh, it's so disgusting to walk in the wet. It's such an unpleasant feeling," she admitted, "I'll change my clothes at home now, and then I'll just go to the toilet.

We said goodbye at her entrance.

***

One day it occurred to me that why not go to girls who sell sex for money and see if they would agree to my fantasy. It turned out that no one agreed to endure to the end, much less to pee in clothes. But several times I was answered with consent. However, twice I was disappointed and only the third time I was satisfied with the service provided. Each time the agreement was as follows: the girl drinks a lot in advance, I come only when she really wants to go to the toilet. During the meeting, she continues to drink until she pees.

I went to the first girl when she drank two and a half liters of water. I didn't notice a single sign of Desper. She proudly said that she agreed because she could tolerate it for a long time. She drank two more liters of juice in front of me, but as for her condition, she said: "My stomach is already full, I want to go to the toilet, but you still won't see anything from the outside." After an hour and a half, her voice began to tremble, she began to say: "This is some kind of mockery," and it became difficult for her to sit. But as soon as she finally reached the right stage, she announced that she would go to the toilet and pee normally in the toilet instead of her shorts. I didn't let her go to the toilet. 

She stood in front of the bathroom, curled up, shifting from foot to foot, holding her hand in her crotch and coaxing me to let me piss her in the toilet. I didn't let them in. In the end, she creaked and agreed to pee in her shorts in the bathroom, but I didn't get the impressions I wanted, and what was happening was very vaguely similar to what I had imagined.

The second girl assured me that she would do everything right. It was agreed that I would arrive at the time of her desper. But when I arrived, the visual desper was gone again. It wasn't until about twenty minutes later that she began pacing around the room, crossing her legs, sitting down on the couch and fidgeting. However, in the end, she also said that she would not be able to pee in tights. We went to the bathroom, but she couldn't do it. As a result, she could not even pee in pantyhose and peed on the toilet with the door closed.

The third girl appeared at the moment when I spat on these paid services, deciding that nothing sensible would come of it. But here I was assured that everything would be as it should be. The meeting was scheduled in the sauna. A young, slender girl in a skirt and tights came, as I had requested. She's also a bit shy. She drank water while sitting on the couch with one leg over the other. She admitted that she had been tolerating it for a long time and really wanted to go to the toilet. She said that she had never experienced anything like this, and then: "If only my husband knew what I was doing now." The girl even agreed to take a furosemide pill. Then she said that she was cold and we went to warm up in the steam room... 

When I saw her in the steam room with a naked top, my natural instincts took over without any foolishness. Although there was no initial agreement on sex, it took place before she had a desper. Although it came during sex. It turned out that first there was a dessert, and then the main course. I asked her to put on her pantyhose, and when we left the "break room" she was already twitching, crossing her legs and assuring me that she would pee any minute. It was beautiful and stunning! She was really depressed, her lower abdomen was swollen and hard as a rock, she desperately wanted to pee and was embarrassed that I would see her pee. At first, she couldn't stand it a little – a small wet track only reached the middle of her thigh. Her pantyhose were wet in her crotch. After a while, she said, "I can't take it anymore," and it poured out of her. A strong stream poured loudly from it and hit the floor, and wet streaks formed on the tights...

After tidying herself up, the girl said, "Call me next time, I'll give you a discount."

