And as I sit in soaked panties, I pen my day

Author: Pistachio

*000*2019-06-17 19:54

The majority of accidental wettings have two key contributors. Lack of foresight, and fate.

This one was no exception. I am currently working. I won't get into details as to what I do, but it is of the utmost importance that I stay at my seat (unless I'm at lunch), lest I get in trouble if I happen to miss a very important phone call. It has happened once or twice. Three strikes, and you're out.

I forgot to mention the third contributor. The third contributor is the mind.

Our story begins early this morning, in which I oversleep and make a mad dash for the car, driving to work and forgetting to do everything I usually do yet somehow manage to look presentable.

An extremely short black dress complemented by a black leggings are what I sport.

Today, my workload is light. And with light workloads, boredom tends to increase. What better way to spend the time than to learn other languages?

Today might have gone quite uneventful had a friend not asked me one important question: "How do you say, 'I can't hold it anymore!' in French?"

Having only begun to learn the language, I was completely stumped. And so I spent hours upon hours, working with my friend to learn all related words, and maybe, just maybe being able to answer that question. By the end of it, I was able to say things like "I need to pee" to "I HAVE to pee NOW!" to "please... I've got to pee."

All the while fighting to keep my voice calm and pleasant when a work call DID come in, because such learning was quite effective and rewarding and, dare I say, pleasant. At least people on the other end of the call couldn't see me blush or fidget slightly.

Wait, I'd been fidgeting? I stopped my quest for a moment to assess the situation, and it turned out that indeed, j'ai eu besoin de faire pipi. (GIven my limited knowledge, I probably wrote that wrong, but I digress.)

It dawned on me that I desperately needed to do something that I had forgotten to that morning. I had barely been drinking water, but the need was strong as ever, and lunch was on its way.

But even a few minutes can seem like hours in such a state.

Anybody passing by my office would probably think I was a bit concerned about something, what with the way I was squirming.

And then I got the fateful call from my coworker who was supposed to relieve my station, and me by extension.

She had asked me to pick up some lunch for her today, and I knew she was feeling fairly weak from a recent surgery, so I couldn't say no nor could I delay in. After the agonizing few minutes until I heard her footsteps, I just sat there trembling, hardly able to focus on the work I did have, and when she did arrive, I did not even allow myself to glance back at the restroom door as I walked away from work, and into the dangerous position of driving to the restaurant where I was to obtain both our lunches.

I really wish I had tinted my windows.

Fate was at least kind in one regard: No buses were passing by. Anybody who was in a bus, or at least a very high pick up, would be able to see the driver of a pretty little car with one pale hand jammed tightly between her legs.

Said hand had no choice but to leave its position once I reached a very crowded and very slow drive-thru.

Squeezing as tightly as my thighs would allow without stepping too hard on the brake or the gas, I gritted my teeth and focused on the task ahead. But to no avail. What with all the concentrations, my mind could only think in French: je dois vraiment pisser...

My mouth followed suit, speaking the new words I had learned just that morning.

A rush of completely unexpected blissful torment struck me like a truck, and I had to fight to not actually cry out with the mixed sensation (the window was still open as I had just placed the orders). Not only did affirming and acknowledging my need exacerbate it, but there was a simple truth I still cannot comprehend: the language I was learning simply sounds beautiful, and is especially sexy once one knows. Or even when they don't.

In any case, I could feel my panties moisten a little but I was in no place to check and identify what it was.

"Miss, we're a little backed up, so could you please wait over here and we'll bring your food to you?"

I jumped, shattered out of my reverie. "Uh, sure," I replied, evidence of unsteadiness in my voice and face. "That's perfectly fine."

At least my mind was free to whimper.

Each passing moment dragged on, plopping onto the last one after its time finished and continuing to weigh more and more onto my little bladder.

No sooner had I received the food and gave the workers my best customer service smile, than I hightailed it out of there as fast as the law would allow.

Okay, okay, maybe a little faster than that.

Pulling in to work to deliver the goods and repeating the words I'd learned with new waves of need and pleasure at once, I comforted myself with the reminder that, all I had to do was give my friend her lunch, and then I would be free to go.

My body thought otherwise.

Leaning over into the passenger seat to grab the food, I felt a spasm down below and immediately stiffened every muscle of my body to staunch the flow. I snapped up straight like a rubber band, and braced myself for leaning over again.

Just for a little bit, just grab what you need, I told myself.

After steeling myself, I lunged to grab ahold of everything in as little time as possible, but it wasn't enough.

Another squeeze. And this time I knew full well what was in my panties.

Throwing every sense of dignity out the window, I sprinted towards the bathroom, stopping only to drop the food off on a table. My friend would get it afterwards.

With trembling hands I undid the latch and shut myself into the safe haven my work so graciously provided. Relief flooded me as I unleashed a torrent into the bowl. I even indulged in letting out a very tiny "Aah...".

Inspecting the damage, there was nothing major. Anything more severe up to a point would be obscured by my black leggings.

But that's irrelevant to one's ability to feel the wetness post-leak.

I mean....as I write, I certainly do.

*005*2019-06-24 13:33

Why thank you!

Wait a second, I didn't actually use that word, but I know exactly what you mean. Do you speak French?

As for me, I couldn't tell you how to say over there, those, this, that, or even however, but I do know the myriad of ways to express a need for the bathroom.

I'm learning the important stuff first.

*009*2019-06-27 16:34

I'm not sure. I didn't think to smell them.

It was all three. I couldn't have predicted my friend's wanting me to get food that day, but I guess the barrage of French ways to express needing to go and my lack of confidence that I could hold all contributed.

