Sadly very few experiences in military basic training

Author: pt133

*000*2025-02-08 17:23

For those outside the military, you would think basic training is an experience in which you would see a ton of desperation from mean drill sergeants not letting their soldiers use the bathroom.

Maybe at one time it was like that. In the 2010s/2020s when I served...not so much. Believe me, it's still mentally and physically tough, but it's super regulated. They can only go so far with you. And bathroom breaks are regular. In fact, too regular, lol. Like, every single hour. It took me a couple weeks after basic training to train myself to not have to go every single hour.

So yeah, one of the few things I was looking forward to in basic training was the females being in some desperation situations and unfortunately I can only call on two mediocre experiences.

One was a short skinny brunette with green eyes. It was morning and we had to go to some building for some lesson or to grab something prior to chow, where we normally go to chow first, I forget why. We got to the building, stood outside in formation. She kept complaining that she had to pee really bad. Did a bit of a pee dance. We then left from in front of that building, went to chow, waited in formation. Once we were allowed into chow she was able to use the bathroom. It was a probably 45 minute ordeal of her having to pee. Mostly verbal, little bit of a dance, in a very not-flattering oversized Army uniform we were issued in basic training (why do they always give us too big a size???).

Next one is interesting. Like I said, since we get bathroom breaks every hour, when we don't it probably screws up people. We also have to drink a lot of water. They want us to have our water packs filled at all times. This was one of our last and only "field" exercises, where we had to sleep in tents and simulate missions and stuff. Less opportunity for bathroom breaks overall. I peed on some trees once, as a dude that's easy. This experience though was one only relayed to me, since platoons were separated.

Our company as a whole were in the field but platoons had different things going on. Our Drill Sergeants didn't wake us up in the middle of the night pretending to ambush us. Another platoon's did. The instructions were once you were under attack you take your predetermined positions you created and practiced on to defend the area. You weren't allowed to move. I mean, there's only a couple of Drill Sergeants and instructors doing the attacks, so if you have your battle buddy cover you and go off to the side and pee especially in the cover of night, no one would be the wiser, but this one super awkward blonde chick in glasses apparently peed herself while holding her position (laying prone on ground). Because they had to for about an hour. I get it, holding your morning pee for an hour when you are used to going instantly for months could definitely be tough. Not much was made of it, it was just a story I heard, didn't even get to see her wet pants.

There was one time where we had to take urine drug tests that a couple girls would get pee shy and have to drink a ton of water. Then they would finally have to go real bad but there was only one female drill sergeant so they had to wait a while. Saw two of them shifting their legs up and down doing a pee dance. One was a tall blonde, surfer girl vibes. Other one was an average height redhead.

Yeah, unflattering uniforms on females, less desperate situations than I anticipated, basic training was not great for my fetish lol. Almost wasn't worth typing up for you guys but I hope you get something out of it.

Only other military story I can think of is a friend of mine told me when there were at NTC, a training center in the desert, the were on patrol and didn't have toilets. They had to bury their crap. So she said here and another girl held each other up while squatting and both pooped. Poop isn't my thing, but two girls bottomless squatting is nonetheless hot, so yeah.

I had a mostly desk job so I didn't get fun experiences with pee or desperation. Had one time we were out in the woods and a coworker went off to pee and were far away so I heard and saw nothing.

$$

*010*2025-02-11 01:24

{{On 2/9/2025 at 12:29 PM, joe45976312478 said:

@pt133, I always wondered.... What would happen if a recruit wet there bed in basic training? I am sure it has happened before.

}}

Yeah never experienced that or knew of any, I honestly think that might have been a question you have to answer on the screening if you are a bedwetter. But it's not a big deal, the "beds" are a material that I think repels water and then you just have your issued sheets you wash. So just like any other wetting except no mattress damage.

{{21 hours ago, Kp. said:

Also, another sad thing is there's like no omo content in a uniform. Like cmon.

}}

Yeah it's surprising. Although at this point I loathe women in uniform, that fantasy has been ruined for me lol. So that content wouldn't be for me

