Lani's House

Author: PianistPony

*000*2017-10-12 08:22

Samantha here again, the majority of the story takes place over my friend Lani's house, this incident happened back in May of this year 2017. Quick back story of Lani, she plays the cello in the symphony we're both apart of, she's 25 years old, i'm 22 for those who are don't know, she's shorter then I am probably 5'6ish light brown straight hair, brown eyes, skinny. I've known Lani for 2 and a half years now ever since I joined the symphony, I don't talk to much around others with that being said i've probably said the most words to Lani, now when I say a lot it's still a very small amount. Lani can also play the piano, she helped me get into the routine of the symphony when I arrived, showed me around and is very kind and outgoing, she also lives alone.

It was a Thursday morning when my alarm went off, I rub my eyes before clicking the phone off my alarm, knowing I have a meeting starting in a nearly 2 hours I get out of bed and take a shower before getting dressed in a short red velvet dress with pink leggings and pink cotton panties with blue hearts on them. Finishing getting dressed I walk down stairs brushing my hair checking the time, an hour and 30 minutes until the meeting, I come to the quick conclusion that I have time to make breakfast. I take out pancake mix and quickly prepare 3 nicely size pancakes, to ensure my dress stays clean I use an apron, I flip the pancakes until they have a golden sun color and the edges are a bit crispy how I like them.

Plating the pancakes and sitting down I butter and drown them in syrup, my sweet tooth is glowing today with the amount of syrup, or maybe my hand slipped, I dig into my breakfast, after I finish my 3 pancakes in what may have been record speed chasing them down with a glass of orange juice. I look down and see how much of the syrup covered the apron I kept on just in case of this, I take it off and throw it into the laundry room before taking Snowball outside. Strolling back into the house I check the time 30 minutes until the meeting, this gives me a enough time to go upstairs use the bathroom grab my phone put on my black flats and head to the meeting.

I get out into my car and drive off, I listen to the songs we'll be playing for our performance the upcoming weekend, I hum along to the songs while driving down the busy New York streets. While driving down the road I hit hole in the road which startles me, my heart starts racing from the sudden shock, I think nothing of it and continue on my way, after another 5 minutes I arrive at the meeting. While I walk to the door I hear the familiar voice of Lani wishing me a good morning, I turn and wave hello to her, I open the door and we walk into the meeting room without another word. Everyone spills into the room and takes seats in an unorganized manner, the chatter is quickly quieted but the owner of the symphony walking in very upset about last weeks performance.

We were very unprofessional in our last performance, there was a bird that got into the building, and halfway through the performance it started flying around which brought an abrupt stop to the playing and screams coming from the startled performers. We're taught to continue playing, unless theres a threat, and last I checked a bird isn't threatening, well I mean bird poop is kinda threatening to my clothes, but I wasn't going to mention such a thing at a time like this. The meeting goes on for a few hours, a few of us start groaning as the meeting is incredibly boring and we all just want to go home, shortly after we were reminded we have a performance Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.

We all walk out quite hungry now being there for 3 hours, we all discuss about going out to lunch, I agree to go out with a few people. I walk to my car notice I got a flat tire, probably from whatever I hit earlier, Lani notices I was on my phone standing outside of my car. I order the services to pick up my car and bring it to the tire shop, Lani offers to take me to the shop and take me out to lunch, I feel bad about having her bring me to all these places but I don't have much of an option at this point. I thank her for helping me and that I will do whatever I can do to repay her, she said I don't have to repay her it's what friends do, I nod in agreement.

We arrive at the tire shop and I pay the required services and new tires, they say it will take about 3 hours till they are finished, Lani and I go to meet up with the others at Applebee's for lunch. We arrive and enter the restaurant and take out seats, I order the chicken tortilla soup and ice tea to start, my main dish being the bourbon street chicken and shrimp. (Really delicious I swear I get that every time I go to Applebee's) We all finish our main dishes and debate on wether of not to order dessert or not, I voted no but the vote being 7-3 Yes we order a group dessert, I don't take part in the eating of cake. When going out in a group of just co-workers we settle the bill with a game of credit card roulette, we all place our credit cards into a bag from the restaurant and have the waitress draw one, the one thats pulled has to pay the bill, thankfully it wasn't mine this time, I would have cried having to pay nearly the $200.

Lani and I get into her car and notice we still have slightly less then 2 hours before my car will be ready, so Lani invites me to come over to her house, I think for a minute before answering. I've never been to her house before, I don't want to be rude or do something wrong, I could always get dad to take me to the tire shop. While I ponder my options she starts driving and says "We'll have fun" answering for me, I slightly stutter "O.. Okay." I start squirming around in her car not having used the bathroom since this morning, I figured i'll be fine for a few more hours. We arrive at her house, as we enter the house she asks if I had anything in mind we could do, I shake my head no following her slowly through her house being as carful as everything was made of glass.

We arrive in the living room, I stand with my legs crossed needing the bathroom, I look down at the floor, she tell me to relax and sit down. She asks me some questions which I answer with the minimum words as possible, she points out i'm very shy and it's okay to be more open around her, even though i've known her for a few years I hardly spent any one on one time with her. She suggests we play the piano she owns, we can take turns playing just for fun, I shake my head in disagreement feeling to shy to really play anything in front of just her, she states thats fine. We do end up talking about books for about an hour, she gets up and asks if I wanted something to drink, I sit there shaking my leg but answer her question "water". She mentions she owns a trampoline as we drink our waters, the weather outside is very nice this time of year, a lovely breeze and not too hot of a sun.

Finishing our water we walk outside to the trampoline, it's a fairly big trampoline for one person, Lani mentions her brothers come to visit quite often with his girlfriend to jump around. While Lani tells me about how she was into gymnastics when she was younger before she broke her leg I cross my legs very tightly together needing to go pee decently bad now, she asks if I want to jump around for a bit. I agree to jumping, we start bouncing up and down, I was never on a trampoline much growing up, while jumping I look at my watch realizing I should be getting a call about my car in about half an hour. We continue jumping Lani does a few flips and tells me I should try it, I shake my head once more "no", after 5 more minutes of jumping my bladder spasms and I have no other option put hold myself.

I guess I was having to much fun to notice how full my bladder was, she didn't notice it, and if she did she didn't ask, since she doesn't bring up I don't mention it either. I try thinking of other things like what Lani is taking about, but my bladder isn't stopping with the signals now, I can't help but grab myself very often a few more jumps and I leak into my panties I hold myself for a long time and dance on the trampoline.

Lani notices this and asks if everything okay, I fall only butt sitting how on the trampoline and squirming around. Knowing how silly i'm looking I shake my head "no" while I let out a short hissing sound I squeeze my legs tightly while holding my crotch, I feel my hand get wet desperately trying to stop the flow, I stop it for a few seconds while Lani asks if I need to use the bathroom. I tell her i'm sorry while I feel my bladder give up, I hear a familiar hissing sound, I feel my pee race to my but and splashing on the ground under the trampoline, I feel my face get red and I start crying.

Lani tells me it's okay, and I need to get cleaned up, she makes light of it telling me she had an accident on the trampoline before and it's better to pee out here then in the house, I continue crying and apologizing, she gives me a hug tells me to don't worry about it, she won't tell anyone about what happened today. She helps me get inside and to he bathroom, she asks if I want her to pee herself to make me feel more comfortable, I say no, that will probably make me feel worse. I take a quick shower and put my dress back on as it didn't get any pee on it, she offers me a pair of black leggings to barrow and gives me a bag to put my wet clothes in.

My phone rings I answer it and tell Lani my car is ready, she drives me to the tire shop while telling me about accidents she's had, this certainly made me feel much better about mine, it's very reassuring to know I'm not alone. Lani and I still have talks about accidents we've had, Lani has confessed to me she still has accidents, I have never seen her have an accident. Wether she actually has accidents or just said this to make me feel better it's very nice for her to do, I am glad she is my friend.

I know this story was a bit different then my others, it's more about my friend and how appreciative I am to have someone who is willing to go above and beyond for someone else. Lani is honestly the first person i've known I consider a true friend. I hope everyone can find a special true friend I have found, thank you for reading, i'll post a pictures of my wet panties below to make up for the lack of desperation. I hope you enjoyed the story.

- Samantha

$$

*002*2017-10-12 17:51

{{4 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

Great description of the world, as always. Love the panty pictures!

If it were me, Lani would have peed her pants too..

}}

I could never ask something like that from anyone else, I would feel way to bad if it happened, i'm just thankful for her friendship.

*009*2017-10-13 17:47

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

Thank you for another amazing story. I wonder if perhaps Lani is into wetting her pants and was not bothered a bit by your accident. You said you are not holding your pee for fun , are you just too shy to admit you need to go until it is too late. I used to be like that.

}}

Yes thats the situation I find myself in very often.

*011*2017-10-16 23:31

{{5 hours ago, Sentinelchicken said:

Nice story. Would you be willing to share any of Lani's accidents she told you about?

}}

I would not, she has trusted to tell me and I can't break her trust for something like that, and even if I was allowed to share I wouldn't because it's not my experience and would take away from the story and the details. I don't know how she thinks when in situations and it wouldn't be that easy to write a story from someone else point of view especially without having been there to witness it. If you understand what I mean.

*013*2017-10-25 05:14

{{3 hours ago, •ᐰʙʀᴧcᴧᴅᴧvᴇЯ• said:

Every time I read a post from you, my head decides to do so in Fluttershy's voice for... some reason. It fits, though. And it's cute as hell.

}}

Well Fluttershy is my favorite pony.

