DIY Fly

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2018-09-02 08:53

Hey all!! Sorry it's been so long! I'm still alive; I'm just super busy and haven't made time to share any stories for a while, but that ends now! If you just want to get straight to the peeing, skip to paragraph 5!

A few weeks ago, my friends and I went to a local music festival. The event lasted most of the day, but we arrived much later, around 4:30PM or so. The sun was still fairly high in the sky and it. was. hot. Thankfully, drinks were abundant – a blessing I quickly took advantage of. The first hour and a half were fairly uneventful. My posse and I enjoyed the music, the atmosphere, and each other's company. All the while, I nursed whatever fluids I could find. Around 6ish, the repercussions were making themselves known. Being a crowded event with a fair bit of drinking, I knew I'd need to grab a spot in the porta potty line pretty quickly or I'd be in trouble. 

Being the fool I am, I put it off for about 20 minutes before handing my purse to a friend for safekeeping and pushing my way through the throng. The line wasn't difficult to find and my heart sank when I saw the multitudes seemingly lined up to the horizon. I silently cursed myself for not having the foresight to wear a skirt so I could sit somewhere and quietly wet myself in the grass with no one the wiser. Alas, my lamentably poor planning relegated my ill-fated bladder and me to the latrine line, eternal. I grabbed a spot in line. My situation was not yet urgent, but my bladder was making itself known. As I slowly progressed forward, I surveyed the many others who suffered the same wait.

I estimated 2/3 or so were women and I wondered if most men simply found a secluded bush or tree somewhere. Most of the people in line were chatting or grooving to the music, but a handful seemed to be anxiously awaiting their turn to relieve themselves. One girl in particular seemed to be trying (and failing) to discreetly fidget, bouncing from one foot to the other, occasionally pressing her legs together, and frequently checking her phone. Ages seemed to pass and she was fortunate enough to get a turn before she burst all over herself. My turn was still quite a while off and I began fearing I'd end up like her...only less fortunate. I began fantasizing about the freedom of simply letting loose right there in line. The rush of warmth into my panties soaking my butt, my thighs, and making its way down to my socks and shoes. The shocked faces of bystanders as a grown woman soaked herself in front of them. 

My face turning red and heating up with embarrassment as my friends gazed in disbelief at the dark patch overcoming my groin as it spread to consume my shorts. The scenario aroused me terribly...and wonderfully...I gripped my hamstrings tightly (though hopefully discreetly), trying unsuccessfully to calm myself down. I wished with all my heart I could simply pee and rub myself through my wet shorts. Silently, I said a prayer of thanks that I'm not a guy who would have to conceal an erection while fighting an ever-filling bladder. This viciously wonderful cycle continued until it was violently shattered by the woman before me turning around to gripe about the wait. Frustrated and slightly flustered, I composed myself and concurred with her complaints.

We conversed casually (as well as I could as I fought to stay focused) until we finally reached the front of the line. By then I was fighting the urge to dance around in desperation. I knew I was shuffling around visibly and honestly, I didn't care. If I weren't already at the front of the line, I would've considered making my way back to the parking lot and relieving myself between some parked cars – chancing accidentally flashing any unfortunate passersby. Thankfully, however, the wait would soon be over.

One of the porta potty doors swung open as a guy emerged and went to rejoin the festival. The woman in front of me nearly ran to claim the vacant latrine, as if someone would steal it away. When she opened the door, however, she nearly stumbled back as if she had been punched and her fervor quickly disappeared. She turned and made her way back to the line saying, "There's no way in hell I'm using that. I'll piss myself first!" I looked at her questioningly as she reclaimed her place in line, but seeing an opportunity to eliminate the urgent pleas of my bladder, I decided to investigate. As I opened the door, the smell washed over me like a wave. 

It wasn't really the typical stench of a porta potty. Of course, there was some of that, but it was mainly masked by the oppressive odor of concentrated urine. Examination quickly revealed the source. It looked as though some guy (or several) had "whipped it out" and let loose while spinning in circles and bouncing up and down! The warped and dented floor harbored small puddles of urine, the toilet seat was flooded, the half-used roll of toilet paper was sopping wet, and the walls were dripping! I shot a glance back to the lady, who gave me the classic "told-ya-so" look. I shrugged, mouthing the words, "I've gotta go" as the music in the background pulsed through the air. My bladder seemed to quiver with every beat of the drum as I entered the porta potty and the door slammed behind me.

The lock seemed to be the only thing not dripping with pee. I slid it and shuffled from foot to foot as I began assessing my options. "There's no way in hell I'm using that", I mumbled the words of the lady as I looked at the toilet seat. I longingly considered the urinal, but figured I wouldn't be able to get close enough without planting a leg into some stranger's urine either on the wall or the raised platform of the toilet seat. Not one to give up easily, I disregarded the option to go wait for another latrine to open up. It's not like I practice peeing standing for nothing. I thought to myself. 

But how? I'm not risking taking off my shorts in here. If I brush them against the floor, I'll be wearing someone else's pee for the rest of the night! With that, I stood in front of the toilet seat and tested to see how far I could spread my legs. Not too bad if I can pee around my shorts. I considered dropping my shorts to my knees and giving it a shot, but I feared I'd dribble straight down. At that point, I would've been better off simply wetting myself. Hmm... I reached for the left leg of my shorts and pulled it aside. Perfect! They were just short and stretchy enough to clear my pubic mound. I readjusted to pull my panties aside, revealing my lady bits.

It was almost like a DIY fly! I struggled a bit to adequately spread my labia while holding my shorts and panties clear of the line of fire. It was tough! I repositioned myself so I was standing as close to the toilet hole as possible without coming into contact with the raised area around it. I thrust my hips forward as far as reasonably possible and bent my knees slightly. Finally, I decided I was in a satisfactorily awkward stance (or just really had to pee) and muttered, "Well...here goes. Fire away." under my breath. It was almost instantaneous. A jet of pee shot out and noisily splattered the back of the toilet seat, dispelling a small mist. I adjusted slightly and managed to direct my stream into the toilet! I let out a long sigh as relief washed over me and the liquid below tinkled joyfully. I proudly looked down and cracked a huge smile as I admired the steady stream propelling from between my legs.

I can't believe this is actually working! Several long, successful seconds passed, but I felt the fingers spreading my labia slowly slipping. I adjusted slightly, which skewed my aim. Urine splattered the side of the toilet seat and a small trickle began creeping down my left leg. I adjusted enough to stop the flow down my leg, but it was at the expense of the toilet seat. Again, my pee spattered loudly against the plastic as I frantically tried to aim. After I contributed a significant amount of my own bladder contents to the already-present flood of the seat, I managed to regain control. The tinkling of the fluid continued until I began to lose pressure. As the stream died, I began showering the front of the raised platform and adding to the puddles on the floor until the action came to a dribbling rest.

The excitement of my (almost) success was overcome by the arousal it summoned. Still not fully cooled down from my fantasies while I was in line, I seized advantage of my current privacy. Pee still dripping from my vulva, I inserted my fingers and massaged myself tenderly, closing my eyes and surrendering myself to feeling. I was searching for satiety of my sensual desires, but every caress heightened each sensation. I suddenly felt as though I were ablaze – every nerve tingling and pulsing with the beat of my heart. Urine mixed with other fluids and my breathing grew shallow and rapid. My legs felt as though they would give way. 

I wished more than anything for reality to fade away, that I may melt into the pleasure, but the throbbing of the music wouldn't let me escape. Stymied – even resentful – I reopened my eyes to my unpleasant surroundings. I brushed as much of the urine from my vulva as I could, each contact pulsing with threats of stealing me away into a realm of pleasure. I briskly ran my hand down my leg, dispelling the few remnants of my poor aim. I felt tense. A thin sweat covered my skin. I would've done nearly anything to satisfy my carnal desires. Surrendering to the context of the occasion however, I replaced my panties and shorts, the fabric now feeling like sandpaper on my tender skin. I composed myself and braced to re-enter the real world.

I finally reunited with my friends and we enjoyed the rest of the evening, though I remained secretly frustrated until I arrived home that night. You can be sure as heck I made up for the wait

