Cheerleader wetting

Author: Pee princess1

*000*2022-07-26 20:07

I’ve had many wettings in my cheer outfit but this is one of my favorites. I was wearing a cheer top with a long sleeve undershirt a cheer skirt that went about halfway to my knees a bow and I wore black leggings underneath it all.

I drank a lot that day and had to pee quite badly in a quick amount of time and decided it would be a lot more fun to pee myself then go to the toilet (it was) so eventually it got to the point where I had to focus on holding my pee in more then I was focusing on cheering. Shortly later I had a small leak that stayed in my panties and didn’t even make it to my leggings because it was so small. This didn’t decrease my need to pee at all though and it was a good thing because I love the feeling of having to pee badly.

About 5 minutes later I had a small leak but larger than the last one. It left a apple sized wet spot on my leggings but no one could’ve seen it under my skirt. I still really had to pee too. Another 5 minutes later I have a MASSIVE leak in my leggings that goes straight through my panties and leaves a wet spot that went down to the end of my leggings at my ankles. It felt good to say the least. However about 10 minutes later it felt even better when I let it all out and peed for about a minute. Felt so good and my leggings were so warm and wet. My skirt stayed dry. After I was finished with cheer I decided to stay dressed like this the rest of the day. Felt good to be in peed in clothes.

*003*2022-07-27 12:29

{{7 hours ago, Nils JD said:

Wow, this sounds like a really cute story!

I bet you must have totally soaked your cheer shoes...

Did you manage to get them cleaned again? 🙂

}}

I was able to clean them. I’ve peed myself more times than I can remember at cheer so they still smell like pee a little bit but that’s a good thing if you ask me

*005*2022-07-28 01:29

{{5 hours ago, Nils JD said:

Wow, that‘s pretty amazing!

Although it‘s definitely not everybody‘s thing I totally love pee soaked shoes! Do you sometimes wear your cheer shoes without socks? ☺️

}}

Yeah I usually go with sock but I sometimes go with. When I wet myself with socks I like the wet fabric against my feet but when I go without I like the feeling of the pee flooding in my shoes with my bare feet in them

