Full bladder ultrasound

Author: Pancakes

*000*2020-07-07 15:00

I thought I would share my desperate experience I had the other day. I needed to get an ultrasound done but was told to arrive with a full bladder so they can see the scan better. I was told over the phone to pee at 1:00 and drink 40 ounces of water in 15 minutes. My appointment was at 2:15. "40 ounces? That seems like an insane amount of water to drink in 15 minutes" I thought. But I didnt question them, they do this all day every day. I'll drink it and deal with it. I have never had a very strong bladder and was worried for days leading up to the appointment. Finally the day came, all morning I thought about having to hold so much pee for who knows how long.

I followed the instructions and peed at 1:00 then filled up two water bottles at 20 ounces each. I chugged them so fast I felt like I would throw up. I was going to leave the house at 1:30 so had about 20 minutes left before leaving. I played on my laptop until my belly settled. Once my belly started to feel better I could feel a small ping in my bladder that I kind of needed to pee. Any other time I would get up and pee when I felt this way, but this time I couldnt. I tried to focus on my laptop but I kept feeling the small trickle of pee slowly filling my bladder.

Finally 1:30! Time to leave the house and get this over with it! When i stood up i felt better until i started to walk. Every step sloshed the pee into the walls of my bladder. I hurried and jumped in the car to relieve some of that feeling. "Only a 20 minute drive, I can make it." I told myself. The whole drive I felt my bladder slowly push further and further into my seatbelt strap. I'm nervous now, what if they dont do my scan on time and I have to wait in the waiting room? I get to the parking garage and quickly find a spot to park. Standing up from the car felt good, until i walked again. I could feel my once comfortably sweatpants elastic pressing on my tender bladder. 

I hurried to the elevator, I only needed to go down one floor. The second the elevator doors shut I shot my hands between my legs. Digging my fingers into my crotch in hopes of holding in everything. Small pings of pain as my bladder continued to fill. The doors opened. I put my hand back to my side and walked out onto the first floor. The room was right in the lobby. Thanks god, didnt have to walk much more. I go in the waiting room and sign in but I am immediately called over to a desk to get my information taken. I sit down on a plush chair and put my hand back in my crotch. The woman starts asking me basic questions but I can barely focus. I bounce my leg and try to answer as best I can.

After that she tell me to take a seat in the waiting room, they will be right out. I look at the clock. 20 minutes until 2:15. "Oh my god, I dont know if I can make it" I think. I sit in this plasticky leather chair and rub my thigh trying not to hold my vagina in front of all the people in here. I play on my phone to distract myself but I doesnt work. I'm absolutely desperate at this point. I'm clenching all my muscles so I dont leak any pee. The longest 20 minutes was up, they called me back. I walk into a cold dimly lit room. "Okay. Lay down on that bed and we will get started." The lady told me. I shuffled to the bed with my legs closed tight and laid down. My bladder felt even worse laying down. She squirts cold jelly on my stomach and I clench up.

"This wont be long" the woman says and then presses the ultrasound wand onto my stomach. I'm doing everything in me not to burdt. My vagina throbs from holding on so tight. "Nice full bladder" the woman days with a slight chuckle. The scan goes on. She pulls the wand further up closer to my bladder and presses hard down I clench my teeth and feel a hot spurt in my panties. "Oh god, please hurry" I'm thinking to myself. The woman slides the wand over my bladder with intense pressure. I tighten my vaginal muscles but to no avail. 

Another hot spurt sprays out of me into my pants. "Please I cant hold it much longer" I say to the woman. "You have to hold it a bit longer. If you empty your bladder now you will just have to come back another day to try again." She replies. I go to press my fingers into my vagina over my pants to get some control. "I cant scan your belly with your arm in the way" the woman says. I reluctantly pull my hand to my side. She moves the wand down to the underside of my bladder and pushes. No spurts!

"Thank god, maybe that relieved some pressure" I though to myself. She slid the wand up and took me by surprise, my bladder let go, sending a hot torrent of pee into my panties and sweatpants. I clenched my vagina and stopped the flow but my butt was wet. I knew the bed I was on would be wet. "Okay, you can stand up and go to the bathroom now" she says and takes the want off me. The bathroom was directly next to the bed so all I had to do was get up, walk about 3 week, and I would be in there. 

The sweet relief of peeing was in my near future. I stood up off the bed and tried to take a big step toward the bathroom. Pee trickled down my leg. I'm loosing it. I have no control anymore. I slam the bathroom door and start fully peeing in my pants. I yank them down to the floor while trickling pee out of me. I dont have time to remove my panties. I pull them to the side even though they are already soaked and release my aching full bladder into the toilet. Well, as close to the toilet as I could. Pee splashed off the seat as I hovered over it.

