Desperate post-hike piss in parking lot

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2021-12-04 22:09

I just remembered the most recent time I got truly desperate in public -- so desperate, in fact, that I lost control. I hope you enjoy the memory as much as I do!

This happened back in June. I'd just been on a hike with a local queer hiking group (awesome people) and was setting out alone for home. I was wearing hiking pants and a lightweight T-shirt, plus cotton underwear, in case you were wondering.

Though it wasn’t a terribly hot evening, throughout the hike I drank a lot of water out of the CamelBak I was carrying. This was a mistake. The second I got in the car and pulled out of the parking lot, I realized I was absolutely DESPERATE to pee. I thought I could make it home. After all, though I frequently get desperate for fun, I'd never genuinely failed to make it to the bathroom while in public before... I wouldn't humiliate myself like that!

What followed was 40 minutes of white-knuckling it through traffic. Not long into the drive, I decided I shouldn't risk it and pulled into a gas station. I spent several minutes in the car steeling my muscles and clutching my crotch before daring to head inside. I practically jogged in, heading straight for the "Bathrooms" sign. But what met my eyes was a handwritten "Bathroom closed" note taped up on the door. I made a U-turn and hustled back to my car. I'm sure anyone watching could guess why I was in such a hurry!

There were no other gas stations between me and the highway, so I decided I was just gonna hold it. This was another mistake.

Traffic was heavy. Every stop filled me with despair, and every start with false hope. It was already clear I wasn't going to make it all the way home without peeing. I thought hard about letting a little leak on the seat, but though my car's an ancient and worn minivan, I didn't want it smelling like pee. My crotch grew damp -- with sweat? urine? -- under my fingers as I rubbed it with one hand while I steered with the other.

I made it to another gas station at our exit, but as I parked I realized there was no way I could make it inside. There were too many people around to pee outside. Just two parking spots away, a pair of men were standing chatting next to a pickup. So I yoinked an empty soft drink cup out of my trash bag, pulled my underwear down, and scooted forward until I could position the cup under me. I could feel my pee starting to slip out of my control, felt it burning through my urethra — and I just let it go. I filled the cup to the brim and then clenched down hard, just barely managing to keep it from overflowing. The relief was exquisite, and that combined with the naughtiness of peeing — in my car! With people so close I could hear their conversations — made my heart race with arousal. I immediately planned to get off the second I was home.

As I sagged back into the seat, I noticed a little pee had splashed onto the seat and was pooling on the faux leather. I wiped it up with a stray napkin. All in all, I made much less of a mess than I might have! After this incident, though, I started stocking my car with an empty, clean yogurt tub, just in case. And I might've started manufacturing "emergency" scenarios...

