Princess went potty...

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-11-29 13:34

Tonight I decided I wouldn't be peeing myself, I was gonna be a good girl and have a nice clean and dry night... Plans change.

As I was sitting on my couch with my roommate we laughed and talked absentmindedly, we have a close relationship and I went shopping today (black friday sales!) So I showed her what I bought by going to my room putting it on and walking out as if I was on a catwalk. The last item I showed her was a new piece of dark purple lingerie I bought, it was a once peace suit that was mostly lace, and hugged my curves in a very flattering way. As we sat down and picked a movie to watch I was really craving some iced tea, so I decided since it was my own iced tea I'd drink it straight from the 2L bottle... This was the begining of my mistake.

The night progressed and I didn't notice any urge to pee, my roommate announced that she'd be going to have a shower, wash her hair, shave, do her tan and all that and she directly said to me "if you gotta pee go now cause I'll be a little while" I thought I didn't have to go so I said no it's alright.

About 10 minutes later the first pain struck, like a crank in my lower abdomen, suddenly I noticed how full my bladder was, I was already at the squirming stage. I thought I could hold on (and wanted to test my limits) so I just sat on the couch in my nice new lingerie and waited.

I sat for another few minutes before I had to press my hand against my crotch to help myself hold, I squirmed and squeezed for another 10 minutes before I realised I had to go.... Now.

A small dark spot started forming on my new lingerie as a short dribble started to pour out of my vagina, I quickly pressed my hand between my legs and got up, knowing I couldn't wet on the couch. I hobbled my way to the locked bathroom door where I asked my friend to open it cause I had to pee! I told her how badly I was busting and she laughed and told me I should have gone when she offered, I don't think she understood how badly I had to go.

I stood outside the door and did a potty dance for another two minutes before deciding I had to find a place I could wet. Now I could have gone outside but my neighbours would have seen me, and I reaaaallly didn't want them to see me desperately pissing all over myself in my brand new lingerie. Our laundry floor was covered in mounds of clothes, and that was the only other tiled place in the house. I eventually decided I had to find a large bowl or a bucket. As I searched desperately through the kitchen cupboards more pee spurted out of me and into my lingerie, a more level headed me would have just taken it off and let the pee flow onto the floor boards, but the pee was effecting my brain, so I just kept getting damper and damper between my thighs.

It had been about 45 minutes since the first pang of desperation hit when I suddenly heard the bathroom door open, I tried to rush to the toilet but alas, my bursting bladder gave out on me... At the door of the bathroom... Right in front of my roommate. The hot stream gushing down my legs, through my new lingerie and down onto the carpet felt amazing as it poured out of me, but soon the reality of the situation hit and my roommate just laughed and told me to clean up my mess. So I did, I tried my best to scrub the carpet still with droplets falling off my legs and soaked lingerie. I'm low key upset I peed in my new lingerie but it felt so good... The material stuck to me in all the right places, and I will definitely be doing it again...

I figured I deserved to get some fun out of it so I decided to sleep in my soaked clothes... Maybe I'll re-wet in the morning. I know they'll definitely be getting a little wetter later on

Hope you enjoyed! Follow my twitter @bbybitxh I intend to post there more often!!

