Not Making a Pit Stop

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2018-05-22 21:26

Heyy all!! This one is fresh from yesterday afternoon!! So I love being active and, lately, have been really into the idea of doing a triathlon, leading me to dust off my bicycle and give it some exercise. It has been really hot and humid lately, leading me to drink a lot of water before I go out. As I'm sure you're all very well aware, what goes in must come out

Yesterday, I got off of work a little early and hurried home, debating whether to settle for a running or biking day. By the time I parked my car, I'd decided on two-wheeling it for the day. I gave myself about an hour to unwind after work and stock up on fluids, which I, admittedly, may have overdone. Meanwhile, I changed into a bright pink tank top and black shorts. By the turn of the clock, I had loaded my bike onto my car and was ready to go! I cruised over to a nice, paved trail about 20 minutes from my home, entirely neglecting to relieve myself before setting off.

When I pulled into the parking space and began unloading my bike, my bladder was already making itself known, but I intentionally disregarded it. I hadn't had a good, daring pee since I was caught a few months ago and, as embarrassing as that was, I was craving the thrill again. Plus, I figured, I could find a nice water-deprived bush off the trail and hydrate it if things got really bad. It's not uncommon to see guys and, occasionally, other girls coming back onto the trail from the woods, presumably having done exactly that. With that looming in the back of my mind, I set off!

A few miles in, it was starting to get bad. I could no longer push the urge to pee into the back of my mind. I was just riding past an area where the trail meets a stream with a pretty waterfall--a popular location for trail walkers and families, however, so I needed to hold it until I was clear of all the people. Every drop that cascaded down the waterfall teased my bladder, which threatened to release a similar cascade from my crotch. I bit my lip and pressed on, occasionally trying to discreetly press my hand between my legs--as if that ever helped. As I zipped past the people, happily laughing and taking photos, blissfully oblivious of the woman urging her bladder not to burst, I considered my options.

Obviously, the bushes were a relatively safe bet...but I didn't want safe--not today. I could get off my bike, pull my shorts and panties to the side, and soak the pavement. Perhaps a little too risky. I wasn't keen on giving any passersby a free show of my lady bits. Why not just pee while I ride? Forget the pit stop altogether! With that thought, I flashed a devilish grin, which was quickly washed away by the waves of urine sloshing around in my abdomen.

At last, I found a spot of the trail where the laughs and yells of others were out of earshot. I looked forward and backward, each twist an act of torture--threatening to prematurely force open the floodgates. Nobody's in sight. Now or never. As I caught a slight decline, I stopped pedaling, scooted slightly forward on the bike seat, and relaxed my muscles. Perhaps facilitated by my sitting position, the first spurts of pee discharged far more quickly and easily than I anticipated. Within seconds, my panties, unable to handle the rush of fluid, which overflowed and dampened my shorts.

A creeping darkness overtook my groin and pee warmly gushed all over my butt and my legs, leaving the bicycle seat a gleaming black, and pattering to the ground, leaving a trail of drops. I let out a moan of relief as I coasted, leaking all over myself and my bike. It was a surreal sensation--the world rushing by as the contents of my bladder rushed downward. This sensation began to fade, however, as I hit the bottom of the decline and began losing momentum. Preoccupied by the urine spouting out of my urethra, I put my feet out, catching myself and standing over my bike. There, I stood, ferociously gushing from my nether region.

The wind began blowing, a coolness overtaking me as it collided with my sweat and my newly-wet legs. Some of the fluid rushed down into my socks, which thirstily licked it up, diverting it into my shoes. The rest cascaded straight down, hitting the frame of my bike or tumbling straight to an ever-growing puddle below. Cautiously, I continued darting glances in both directions to ensure nobody was coming. The coast was clear. 

At last, however, as all good things do, the final few spurts came to a sputtering end, and I stood there, soaked from the waist down, in a puddle of my own pee, gently gripping my similarly-wet bicycle by the handles. Eagerly, I observed the damage with a smile. A splash of pee formed a small, trickling stream from the puddle beneath my gleaming legs. My shorts were soaked, clinging hungrily to my skin. The bicycle seat was drenched and the frame dripped seductively. Now beaming, I mounted my bike and set off again, adrenaline shooting through my body, giving my ride new life.

By the time I made it back to my car, only my panties were slightly damp, but my spirit was not! ...And my bladder was full again. I had parked on the edge of the lot, next to the woods, away from most of the other cars. There were a few people chatting on the other side. I grabbed the towel I keep in my trunk and laid it on my seat in order to avoid getting pee all over it. Then, I made my way to the passenger side of the car, stood where my lower half was obscured, and peed myself again, laughing as I watered the grass, nobody else aware of the 24-year-old woman peeing down her legs like a little girl. Upon finishing, I shook my legs as dry as I could, climbed into my car, and made my way back home.

*011*2018-06-09 04:15

{{On 5/22/2018 at 9:59 PM, Hurdyra said:

Fantastic. I hope you get up to many more wet adventures. They're always super fun to read, and you have a great writing style to describe them with.

}}

You can count on it!! Thank you!!

{{On 5/26/2018 at 4:25 PM, Keita123 said:

I wonder if people would notice your "accident" if you just walk around with your wet black shorts. It's black after all.??

}}

I also wonder if they'd dismiss it as just a clumsy drink spill. Most people don't expect a full-grown woman to wet herself so thoroughly.

{{On 5/28/2018 at 2:35 PM, sunglasses said:

The virtues of black shorts once again. I have several pairs.

Thanks for a great account. Maybe I will have to start riding again. ?

I like the tension between being seen and not being seen.

I like the sensation of being shamed, humiliated, exposed in some way, while still respecting the experiences of others who have different ideas about what makes for a great day.

}}

I absolutely loooooove the risk of being seen--what a rush! Actually being seen...eh. I've only had it happen once and I was totally crushed at first, but looking back, I find it super exciting! It's a double-edged sword I suppose.

*013*2018-06-13 04:04

{{On 5/28/2018 at 2:18 PM, themerger said:

This! Thank you for sharing @PeerPressure

. A chance to wet AND rewet in Public is what exercise in the outdoors is all about.

Was there anything to hide when you got home, or is the smell of pee not uncommon in your house?

}}

You got it!

I actually live alone, so no need to hide anything! In fact, I'll sometimes just let loose where I'm standing at home! I don't do it super often though because I get tired of having to clean up the mess all the time.

*016*2018-06-24 06:46

{{2 hours ago, AudreyLovesPee said:

@PeerPressure

Your stories are great. This must have been an amazing experience. I wish we were friends in real life. We could have sooooo much fun. Can’t wait to read more

}}

Thank you!! And yessss, I wish that too! I don't dare share this stuff with anyone outside this site. It'd be amazing to have someone to enjoy it with in person.

