Peeing myself in school

Author: Pee princess1

*000*2022-09-25 11:58

Earlier this year when I was a senior in high school I had to pee really badly in math class. I was wearing the school’s uniform which was a yellow sweater and blouse, a brown plaid knee length skirt, black tights and there was no required panties but that day I was wearing white panties. I’ve had to pee the whole day but it wasn’t this bad until math. The period had just started and my math tea wouldn’t let us take bathroom breaks so I had to wait an hour until the period was over. After about 30 minutes I couldn’t believe I was still holding I was so desperate. It was especially hard to hold while sitting down in the schools chairs. 5 minutes later I had my first leak. It was really small and barely even made it through my panties. It was hidden under my skirt so no one could see it. 10 minutes later and I was probably the most desperate I’ve ever been. I had a huge leak now. So big that it made the crotch of my tights soaked and left a tiny spot on the back of my skirt.

A minute later and I’m starting to pee myself a huge 10 second flood comes out of me. Wets the back of my skirt and tights and my panties. It even left a little wet spot on the floor. A minute later and another 10 second flood comes out and my skirt is even wetter and the puddle under my desk grows. After my third 10 second flood the teacher comes up to me and says I hope your ok sitting in your pee for the rest of the class. After that I had my 4th 10 second flood. I have 2 more after this. My panties are flooded and so are my tights but nothing on my tights past my thighs got wet so the only way you can tell I peed myself was the giant wet spot on the back of my skirt.

After I finished peeing the wet spot is so big par of it wasn’t even under my desk. It was like a good 3 feet wide and 3 feet long. I don’t think I’ve ever peed this much. The teacher looked at me and said wow how long were you holding for? I said I hadn’t peed all day not even when I woke up this morning and it was about noon at the time so about 14 hours. And the teacher said should have went to the bathroom earlier and continued with her lesson. And one of my favorite things about this memory is one of my friends (they like peeing themselves too not as much as I do but she pees herself with me on occasion) looked at me and said did you pee yourself in school? I said yeah I wasn’t planning on it but it was fun nevertheless. 

She went onto the closest patch of grass and said that’s funny cause I did too and started peeing into her tights. Because she was standing while peeing her skirt stayed dry. It took her about 20 seconds to finish. And I went right next to her when she finished and said I actually peed myself in school twice. And started peeing into my tights. My skirt did not get any wetter since I was standing but now my tights and shoes were completely soaked. We were joking about that on the rest of the walk home.

*004*2022-09-26 10:39

{{17 hours ago, Marco said:

If this story were true, that teacher would have to be fired

}}

The principal talked to the teacher but they weren’t fired. Someone told me that the teacher got fired at the end of the year but idk for certain because I’m not in the school any more

