Friend admitted to her wetting fetish in our teens...

Author: padsndiapers

*000*2023-10-21 22:10

It's not really a wetting experience, but more of a wetting confession experience.

It happened a long time ago. I'm now in my thirties, but we were all around 18 / 19 at the time. I'd say, "near adults".

I had the pleasure of getting to know such an awesome group of friends through my gf at that time. They all lived in this sleepy cute village just outside of Chester (UK) and even as late teens, they enjoyed holding treasure hunts, climbing trees and hanging out in the roof of their parents garage. They were all such adventurers and I was so pleased to have been brought into their circle (some of whom I still hang out with and go adventuring to this day).

And that's exactly where we were when it happened - hiding out in the roof of my girlfriend's parents garage. There was me, three other boys, my gf and then JR (I've used initials here to protect the person's privacy, but it's also because part of me would hope she will remember this moment and get in touch to reconnect since we have something very big in common).

JR was one of my gf's best friends. She didn't live in the same village but, like me, was invited from time to time for an adventure. I never really felt that attracted to JR, after all, I had a girlfriend so I would've felt too guilty to admit such thought at that age, even if I did. She wasn't unattractive. But she wasn't attractive. Just very plain-jane if I would be honest. But, their was definitely something there, even if ever so slightly, and I think it came from a vague memory of a past story my gf told me, which was that "JR used to wet the bed a lot when she was younger and sometimes still does". I've always wondered if those sorts of struggles growing up lead to a fetish like this, so it was in the back of my mind.

So there we were, in the roof garage. Drinking. Laughing. Drinking more. We were all so drunk by this point, playing a card game called Ring of Fire 🔥 (has anyone ever played it? ... omg we had so much fun with that game). It's hard to know who got onto the topic, but someone (could've been me... in fact, highly likely to be me hehe) brought up the topic of fetishes and ended up asking the entire group, casually, and with no force to answer, the question "does anyone have a fetish?".

And without a single discussion or space to let anyone else talk first, JR in her drunken state just blurts out, loudly and proudly (but I might add, drunkenly slurred haha):

"I...... HAV A FETISHHH.... FOR ... PEEING MA PANTZZ".

Everyone went silent.

I remember just feeling so unexpected and shocked in that moment. Like, "did I actually hear that or did I dream it?". I wasn't sure if I felt awkward (for her, and everyone else, who, by this point were just sitting there and staring at her) or just plain turned on. JR certainly looked like she'd said something she really wished she hadn't.

And then, my gf just quickly went... "okay... who's go is it next with Ring of Fire? 🔥", sweeping the subject firmly under the rug, and like a flash, everyone just started chatting merrily again about something completely different, playing card games.

Over a decade later, I STILL think about that moment. And whilst there's nothing I could've really done, or would've done, I often have a tempting moment to get in touch with her to ask her if she remembers that moment. But I also know that if it goes wrong, she will most likely pass on to my ez gf my strange behaviour and it'll just get a bit messy since I still get along with my ex quite well.

I don't know. These strange... instances. A flash. A moment. A moment that we hang on to and wonder 'What could I have done?'.

What would I have liked to have done? What do YOU think I should've done?

Years later, JR ended up becoming one of the most besutiful women when I've seen pictures of her. And looking back, her soft voice, her slow and calming presence along with her contrastingly bright and humorous personality, is now ironically what I would describe as my perfect woman.

One thing's for certain, I fantasise about her to this day, so regardless of any regret in pushing her further, or asking about it personally, I have that scenario to thank for my thirty-something, wild and sexy thoughts.

*003*2023-10-22 07:58

Thanks for reading / offering insight. I just think it would be creepy, this far down the line. JR was never someone I had met more than around 10 times MAX. As I say, she was my gf's (at the time) best friend but another important context is I was always long distance with that gf. So hanging with her best friends was also rare.

JR seems to be quite a private person, not even on social media anymore etc, and I take that as a good indication; so someone just popping up revealing her deep dark secret will likely scare her rather than entice her. Plus I have a partner now, whom I love... I wouldn't have any intention to develop romantic connections with JR, I just feel it'd always good to keep omorashists close to us, as it's rare to find them in real life and I think we need that close confidante who we can talk to about our fetish sometimes.

*007*2023-10-29 13:38

{{On 10/22/2023 at 4:07 PM, 40sleaker said:

My view is similar to Garth's. See if she's single, if she isn't, move on with the rest of your life. You will waste a lot of time and energy if you don't move on.

If she is, just proceed cautiously, check that you work as a couple first.

I have had a couple of what ifs, times I have missed chances, these things happen, you will have others and may be in a position to take them.

Plus, loved the way you wrote that, I've been saying her line in a Cheshire accent. Made me smile

}}

Awhhhhh yeah the Cheshire accent. Glad I told it well enough x

Really loved all the thoughts here. Thanks guys. I wouldn't say I'm necessarily regretful of not making anything happen. As mentioned, I have a partner now and we are compatible is no many ways I wouldn't detroy that for anything or anyone.

I actually know exactly how to communicate or talk to JR, she's in a few WhatsApp groups of mine but as I say, ita just not really something i want to dig up in case it comes back at me that im a weirdo if it goes wrong haha.

I guess I just think all Omorashists should stick together. But the reality is different for - someone people like to keep this a private part of themselves and never talk about it.

