Double desperation driving home from the hospital

Author: provox

*000*2021-02-25 21:47

This story is mostly male desperation, but includes some female desperation as well.

A while back, I had minor surgery at a hospital about an hour drive from our apartment in good traffic. My girlfriend and I drove there together so she could drive me home. When you wake up from anesthesia, you have to prove you can urinate before you get discharged. I guess my kidneys decided to go in slow motion while I was under, because even though I had been pumped full of fluids via IV, it took me a long time before I finally had to go, and I was only able to squeeze out a little. It was enough to satisfy the hospital staff, so maybe 20 minutes later, I was discharged and we started heading out. Literally as we were leaving the hospital, I felt the slightest urge to go, but I was feeling tired from the anesthesia and didn't want to delay getting home. We walked through the parking lot to our car, where my girlfriend took the wheel and I got in the passenger seat.

Well basically as soon as we were in the car, my kidneys decided they were going to get all that IV fluid out of me NOW and kicked into overdrive. 15 minutes later, I was bouncing in my seat trying not to pee myself. And it wasn't just bad; it was rapidly getting worse and worse because of all the fluids that were flowing through me. I quickly told my girlfriend she had to find somewhere to stop right away, but to my awful luck, there was some construction causing horrible traffic. The urge went from a sharp focused feeling in my penis to an ache in my abdomen as I could feel my bladder uncomfortably expanding. With the stop and go traffic, I could feel every single break and acceleration sloshing the urine around inside me and making me more uncomfortable.

Finally we got past the construction and were making steady progress, but I was completely desperate. I had to shift around in my seat to prevent myself from leaking. My girlfriend found an exit that advertised a fast food place rest stop where I could use the bathroom, but as we kept going further down where the sign had pointed, something seemed off. Instead of getting toward the type of place where you would expect to find a rest stop, we were going further and further into what seemed like isolated woods. This kept on happening for what felt like an eternity to me, but was probably more like five minutes. In desperation, I accused my girlfriend of having taken a wrong turn in an unkind tone. She insisted she hadn't done anything wrong, that she was trying to find something and the directions had been wrong, and we could go back toward the highway and find something there.

But I knew I couldn't wait that long. I told her to pull over. I had the door unlocked and my zipper down before she even got to the side of the road. As the car came to a stop, I swung the door open and stumbled over to a tree. I was barely able to fish my penis through my fly before the urine started leaking out of me. I stood there as a strong stream of urine shot out of me and splattered against the tree in front of me. It kept coming and coming. My girlfriend was laughing. "Wow you really had to go, huh?"

"Yep." Finally the stream started to die down, and then came in spurts. I stayed there for a minute or so, making sure I got every last squirt out of me.

I got back in the car and apologized for being snippy to her earlier when I had to go, explained that I knew it wasn't her fault and I was just stressed. She accepted my apology. We resumed our drive back to the apartment.

However, there was more to come. The remainder of the drive took probably 45 minutes. As we approached the apartment, thanks to all that IV fluid, I had to pee very badly again. I told my girlfriend. She told me she had been holding for a while and also was getting desperate. She said she had to go a bit during the traffic, and had been looking forward to stopping for a convenience pee when we planned on stopping at a rest stop earlier, but decided it could wait once I had gone against a tree. She told me when we got home I could use our bathroom first.

When we got to our apartment complex, we headed over to the elevator. As we waited for the elevator to take us up to our floor, I had to go badly, but not so badly that I had to squirm like earlier. My girlfriend on the other hand was pacing to help hold it in. We headed into our apartment and both found our way quickly into the bathroom. I fished out my penis one more time and pointed it into the toilet, letting loose another surprisingly powerful and long stream.

In the meantime, my girlfriend had pulled down her pants and underwear and kicked them off. She was crossing her legs and squirming next to me in just her socks and blouse. She was laughing again, this time at her own situation. "This is torture! How much longer are you going to keep going?" she asked me. I laughed too, and responded, "Not much longer." Finally the stream turned to droplets.

Under normal circumstances, forcing my desperate girlfriend to jealously watch me use the toilet while she has to hold it is a fun fantasy of mine, and one that she regularly indulges. Typically, she allows me to keep delaying her after I have finished by kissing and hugging and groping. When I'm lucky, this turns her on enough that she puts aside her need and we head straight to the bedroom for desperate full-bladder sex before she gets to go. She gave me look of curiosity as to whether she was about to be allowed to get on the toilet or if I would stop her.

But unfortunately, these were not normal circumstances, and though she seemed willing, I was far too groggy and tired from the after-effects of anesthesia to make a game of this. After I had finished getting the last drops out, I gave myself a shake and zipped back up, stepping back to give her space to plop down on the toilet seat. She let out her own powerful, long stream into the toilet - probably much more in volume than mine, but she always manages to force it out much faster. She sighed and rolled her eyes back in relief and commented on how badly she had needed the toilet. I made a mental snapshot so I could enjoy the memory when I was feeling better.

Then she too had emptied out her last few spurts. She wiped and flushed, and we took turns washing our hands. Tired from the day, we were both ready for some rest. She left her pants and underwear on the bathroom floor, so I appreciated the view of her bare behind as she walked in front of me to the bedroom. Finally, we both climbed into bed, where we cuddled and slept in each other's arms.

