Teenage experimenting

Author: pwpj

*000*2019-08-20 19:14

Thanks to despguy123's thread, I've remembered something I did myself during my teenage years.

Obviously, living at home limited the opportunities for experimentation. But one summer holiday I was home alone for a couple of days and decided to make good use of it.

I got up in the morning and had a wee around 9am. I went downstairs and my family had left as planned, not getting back till the following afternoon. I had a large glass of orange juice and headed into the town centre to stock up. I bought a large bottle of Diet Pepsi as I knew what effect this had on my bladder, and went for a wee in town, before downing more Pepsi, and water. As predicted I soon needed a wee again and I went for one last time in the public toilet. That done I resolved the hold started now.

On the bus home I already started to need a wee, and the bus journey was quite long, so by the time I got home I was quite desperate. I had to stop myself from immediately running to the loo out of habit! I drank more Pepsi as my bladder started aching, and decided I should get changed into some old clothes I'd dug out.

Getting changed was interesting as i could barely stay still but eventually I got some khaki trousers on which were slightly too small for me, i had pale blue boxers underneath. I was having to grab myself every couple of minutes by this point, I was utterly utterly desperate.

Walked back into my bedroom and put the TV on, there was a daytime repeat of Emmerdale or something that I never watched on. I decided i couldn't pee until the end of the programme, so sat there wriggling and grabbing myself like crazy. I felt a tiny leak make its way past and down my penis, followed by a small damp spot appearing, feeling slightly warm.

As the end credits rolled I jumped up and ran towards the toilet, but the shock was too much and my bladder just let go. I ran into the bathroom and had to get a very difficult button undone, then control my penis and get the stream in the toilet - I was weeing full pelt and as soon as I got it out it went everywhere.

I felt utterly relieved and sat down to calm down, before enjoying the moment. Cleaning up wasn't too bad as we had hard floors!

