First (Intentional) Bed Wetting

Author: Punk Hazardous

*000*2016-09-15 23:47

(Contains male wetting and light ageplay elements)

I've been wanting to try wetting the bed for a while now. It's something I haven't been able to do before, but something that has interested me, as I'm sure it has most of you. I came across these bed protection pads in our laundry room and decided with the wife out of town (don't wanna be inconsiderate!) that tonight would be the time to do it.

We had borrowed the pads originally because we were entertaining family and some young kids were to sleep on our couches. Though they were intended for children, the pads themselves seemed quite sizeable. So I prepped the bed. The mattress has a protector on it like normal, and then on top of that, slightly overlapping, and wide enough to span most of the bed, I put down the pads. Then on top of that, the sheet. I got into bed without going to the bathroom and drifted off easily with a pacifier in my mouth.

I awoke after 7 and a half hours of good rest, fairly earlier than I usually get up, but not as desperate as I would have liked. I knew I wouldn't lose control on command, especially since I've never naturally wet during sleep before, so I stayed awake and waited. I knew today would be my best chance for it, and it was now or never. So I rested while I relaxed, pulling in the feelings and sensations around me as they happened.

If there's anything I've learned from this, it's that my potty training certainly runs strong and deep. I would try to release, but before the pee would make its escape, my muscles would tighten. Again and again I would feel the hope and the fake out. But patience has its rewards.

After a bit I finally made my first breakthrough, though small. Two drops came out, one rolled down each side of my leg. With this development I knew there would be more to come and waited anxiously for it.

It took a while and I decided to check my phone for the time, and found that it actually made my task at hand slightly easier, for not long after I unlocked the phone, a bigger well threatened and streamed out of me. This stream lasted six to eight seconds and trickled down my thigh, pooling warm beneath me. I was beginning to feel sheepishly embarrassed like a little boy doing something naughty, but there was a poorly disguised undercurrent of glee hidden beneath.

Thinking that the main event, I was pretty happy with the feeling of the course of things. I knew there would be a few trickles left, so I decided to try to fully empty before getting up to clean up my "accident". I pressed on my bladder intermittently, and while it felt good, it didn't seem to have much of an effect. And the waiting recommenced.

Finally, I felt the rest of it came. It slowly leaked out, but didn't stop. It got stronger and started coming out full force. My lower body tingled a little and streams broke down my leg. I had not expected so much, and it felt simply amazing. Maybe it was something about laying down, but it seemed to be just like a regular morning pee, but so much more relieving. The puddle under me grew and encompassed my butt, and I grew warm with pee and delight. It seemed to go on forever, but finally ebbed away and I knew that I was actually empty this time.

My water spent, I decided to check on the damage, after enjoying the feeling a bit longer. When I looked at the results of my experiment, something in me made me pretend I had had an accident, making me feel even smaller. I pulled up the blanket, which actually made it out with minimal damage, and saw that due to where I was pointed, there was only one wet patch on the front of my pajama pants above my left leg. But I could see the puddle on the sheet around my leg. The back of my pants is where the true wetness was. My entire butt was soaked, and some had even creeped up to the hem of the shirt I was wearing. The puddle under me was a nice, nearly perfect circle.

Inspections made, I got up to gather up the bedclothes. I took off the sheet and decided to check the pads underneath. And I'm surprised to say they did their job admirably. I was intensely impressed, that to the touch, they had felt only a little moist. Almost like how a diaper feels when wet, wicking the moisture away from skin and keeping it in. Even better, the mattress protector under the pads was totally dry (score!).

I moved the laundry into the wash, and finally took my wet clothes off. I had felt my pants clinging to me and getting freezing, and was ready to be rid of them. I decided some aftercare was in order so I cleaned up with a shower, made myself a hot breakfast, and relaxed while my laundry went through its wash cycle. Unfortunately I still had to go to work today, so I made sure I could put the stuff in the dryer before I headed out.

All in all it was such a good time. Those protection pads were a godsend, there was little to no clean up needed! And it was pretty naughty to think about at work; no one else had any clue of what I did that morning except for me. Maybe I'll do it again someday if the occasion arises. Ive also put on the pictures I took. *shy*

$$

$$

$$

*004*2016-09-18 05:08

Thank you for all your nice replies everyone, they make me happy!

{{On 9/16/2016 at 5:00 PM, Helena said:

Thank you for the good and detailed story! Bedwetting is so nice, and this is how I uasually did it. When I do it now I drink a lot of water before bedtime. That makes me to wake up after two or three hours. Sometimes I have already started to dampened my panties before fully awake. Half awake and half asleep I just relax and let it happen under the sheet in the dark. It's so nice and relaxing. Sometimes I just fall asleep again in my wet bed, and sometimes I go up to change sheets or at least put a towel overklig the wet spot in the bed.

Try this the next time you have the opportunity. And I know there will be a next time. Bedwetting is too good not to enjoy.

}}

I may try this, though usually when I go to bed after drinking a decent amount of water, and am any degree of desperate, I usually can't get to sleep until I get up to go.

{{19 hours ago, gobphus said:

Congratulations on overcoming your early training not to wet the bed. It's certainly an enjoyable experience to feel your body relax and warm wetness spread beneath you. Does your wife know about your interest in wetting and age play? Would she mind if you slept on a pad and wet it deliberately occasionally?

}}

Yeah, our experience in age play started out with her acting the little and me being her daddy. Still continues like that, but most recently I've been exploring my little side as a switch. She's very open minded, but our age play doesn't go much farther than using the names and talking cute. I've also been very self-conscious about being little, and not even comfortable enough to do it when not alone. I don't think I'd want to wet with her in bed with me, in case I got it on her (and I'd be too embarrassed).

*006*2016-09-18 18:20

{{6 hours ago, gobphus said:

Have you thought of both wearing diapers? They would seem to be a natural thing to try, since you and your wife both enjoy being little. I've enjoyed diapers recreationally for about seven years now. They make wetting much easier to deal with. Now that my BPH has led to my wetting in my sleep more and more often, they are essential.

}}

Like I said it doesn't evolve into true age play between us. Just sorta bare bones acting out the part. I dont think its really a fetish for her, as much as she likes being treated like this and occasionally indulges me with pee play.I bought my first actual diaper ( that wasn't depends-like training pants) back like 5 months ago and that kicked me off checking out being little. But as it was (and is) so fresh and different for me, I'm self conscious about it.

