Pee my pants for an old friend

Author: Peepants1999

*000*2016-06-01 09:25

I was coming home from a long day at work planning on wetting myself when I got home so I Haddent peed all day waiting to get home to just let it all rush out and into my pants and down my legs it was 6:30ish and my desperation scale was at about a 8/10 I was a big fidgety trying to hold it in alresdy. It was a warm summers evening and I had my windows down letting the breeze flow through the car, I was wearing my black work pants and black work shoes, being I was on my way home from work.

I decided to stop by the dollar general to grab a soda and some snacks for the night and kinda let my bladder get as full as it can, inside my neighbor was grabbing some things and her and I have been friends for years, she knows about my fetish and she is into it too being that we have both peed for each other in the past, she saw me and ran and hugged me. She started talking and talking and before I knew it, it was 7:10 almost an hour had passed and we were still talking, I was at about a 9.5/10 and not in starting to hold myself and cross my legs to keep from peeing my pants in the middle of the store, she could tell I was in need of a bathroom and she was starting to get turned on by my desperation.

She asked if I was okay and gave me this smirk like she use to do before she would pee herself. I told her I would be fine if she would let me go (I really wouldn't be fine, there was no way I would make it home having to go this bad) she said she would let me go and we said our goodbyes, as we said goodbye she whispered in my ear I miss the old days (knowing what she was talking about I told her to text me and we would do it again one day) 

After she walked away I was desperate to find a bathroom there was no way in hell I could make it home, I figured I'd do it another day. I went to the back and the men's were out of order and the ladies was occupied, at this point I didn't care what gender bathroom I was going into. I knocked and I heard just a second, about 3 minutes later I knocked again and she said I'm almost finished, i am now bouncing up and down doing the "pee pee dance".. I get a text and its from my neighbor asking if I found a bathroom yet and I said yes but it is occupied, she replied with aw that sticks, better not wet your pants.

After I read that I heard a voice from inside go it would be ashame if you wet your pants. I knew it was her at this point making me suffer.. I told her it wasn't funny that I was seriously about to flood my work clothes. I heard the door unlock and she opened it and said only way I was coming in is if she got to stay and watch.

Now normally I would have said no but I was so desperate 10/10 to go I said f*ck it and rushed in, I lifted the toilet seat when she closed the door and came up behind me and pulled me away from the toilet and said piss your pants, kinda confused I asked why, she said for old times sake, you're wearing black nobody will notice, so I did for her wouldn't be the first time and wouldn't be the last, I just released all my piss into my work clothes and onto the floor it created a huge puddle all around my feet, my neighbor then Came onto me and and started rubbing my crotch and kissing me, we left the store and I met her at her house where we made love through the night. (Now I Haddent met the girl from my previous stories at this time! I'm not a cheater just to Clearify)

Thanks for reading another wetting experience, I am going to have to start wetting more often so I have more stories I am running out of ones worth telling!

