Was dared and had to wet myself on a park bench + video

Author: PantsWetter99

*000*2019-09-29 17:39

Someone i met over kik dared me to wet my pants on a park bench. Ive never wet my pants in public before but i agreed as long as i had permission to wear black pants (because i still had to walk back and didnt want everyone to notice instantly). However, after doing it, i felt daring enough to admit my "accident" to a woman i passed while walking home. I sheepishly asked her "is it obvious i peed my pants? I really couldn't hold it, I'm sorry." She looked very shocked but then quickly told me not to worry too much. Since my voice was genuinely shaking when i talked to her, i later realized that she must have believed my "accident" to be authentic.

I thanked her and walked away. It was such a dang cute little moment. I then walked home and a couple more people noticed me. I just kept blushing and kept walking without saying anything. You could still tell i peed my pants even if i was wearing black pants because the wet spot glistened in the sunlight. I think i handled all the embarrassment quite well, the only thing im sorry about is actually wetting the park bench. I realize now that it's rude and disrespectful and i shouldnt have wet myself on there. If this counts as public vandalism im really really sorry.

%trim.A3D0A214-6D68-4142-A75E-419AFE69A07C.MOV

*001*2019-09-29 17:48

I couldn't record the part where other people saw me, because I would've looked kinda weird filming while i was still in wet pants. But maybe I will wet myself in the park again soon (but that time in jeans) if I get the courage. I can already feel SO much adrenaline when i'm thinking about wetting my pants in real jeans at the park next time.

*003*2019-09-29 19:34

I guess you're right

*004*2019-09-29 20:06

$$

Poor bench... Oops

And these are the pants i had to walk around the park with

$$

