Pee Holding Game With GF

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-08-01 03:26

So as some of you know about my girlfriend recently that I have been seeing. Things have been amazing between us. Last weekend I admitted my fetish to her after she had a drunk accident in front of me on our way back to my house. I got her to pee her pants the next day and she discovered how amazing it feels to hold it in and let it all go in her pants. I think I got her into Omo because she was really interested in this holding game I wanted to do with her the next time and it made her really kinky.

We spent another weekend together this past weekend and must I say it was a blast. Friday night we went out to eat and get drunk again. Saturday we decided to stay in to watch Hulu and stuff. So I reminded her about the holding game and she got really excited, remembering that near orgasm feeling of peeing her pants. We started by drinking water till both of our pee was coming out clear so our kidneys were working at the same speed. I said for us to drink a glass of water every half hour, and we had to sit or stand in the bathroom facing each other eyes open watching each other squirming bouncing rocking moaning holding ourselves. Leaking is ok but whoever's bladder totally gives out loses.

We both emptied our bladders once more before we drank the first round. It started to hit us closer to the second round. About 10 mins or so after the second round, we were pretty full now. My girlfriend started getting fidgety and crossed her legs. I started bouncing my legs a bit. She wasnt making too much movements.

Third round and things were getting tough now. My movements were getting to her. Legs still squeezed together she started slightly bouncing. Seeing her bounce made me start bouncing worse. By the fourth round I felt like I may not make it past the 5th. I was getting seriously desperate and my bladder started aching. My girlfriend said pretty much the same. She was bouncing up and down and I was rocking back and forth. My aching bladder made me start moaning.

I was surprised we even made it to the fifth round. But once i finished that cup, I felt like I was on the verge of leaks. My girlfriend was now holding herself. Once I saw her hand in between her legs, I felt the pee come to the tip of my peehole and some dribbled out. I grabbed myself and told her I just leaked. Hearing that made her moan and bounce up and down hard. My bladder felt like it was about to spasm on me, I squeezed my spinchter muscle with all my might. I made the mistake of letting go of myself to scratch my nose and another leak came out. My girlfriend saw my now wet crotch and leaked too. We both felt like we werent gonna make it past the sixth round now.

The sixth round came and we were both still in the game. We slowly drank it while still holding ourselves. The last drop I drank I spasmed and lost a big leak, and it made my girlfriend leak too. Now we were both standing in the tub facing each other, moaning, bouncing and holding ourselves with both hands. My girlfriend let out a big spurt enough to drip to the tub floor. As soon as I saw that drop hit the floor, my bladder spasmed and I had even a bigger leak. I saw the drops hitting the floor and a steady light stream came out of me, I bent over, grunting, squeezing until I was red in the face. My girlfriend noticed pee trickling out of me and said "oh no your peeing..." and once she said that it was allll over. I LOST! My bladder gave one big push, forcing the pee out full speed. My girlfriend let go right away too and we stood in the tub for over 3 minutes peeing our hearts out, moaning loudly and rubbing each other.

So my girlfriend apparently has the stronger bladder. I said I still want to rematch her next time. She said she really likes doing this with me now and I really got her into peeing. When we were in the bath our bladders kept filling up and we were extremely kinky. Then things got really dirty and we ended up peeing on each other and drinking each other's pee. We then emptied the water and 'did it' right in the tub all soapy. Now that was a blast. Then we washed up, and relaxed in bed watching hulu the rest of the night.

