Coworker Wet Herself In Front of Me

Author: PrincessEsther

*000*2016-11-07 14:20

Oh man you guys. First genuine accident I've seen a girl have in front of me for awhile. Different girl from last time. And like, full accident, huge puddle on the floor type stuff.

Okay. So. I'll start by describing her a little bit. She's a bit of a short girl, maybe 5'2 or 5'4. She's got some chubbiness to her, and like, a little more than a little bit, but really cute, to the point where I bet she would be really cuddleable. Roundish I guess. She's a hispanic with a really soft brown skin tone and black hair, up in a pony tail. Her hair is somewhere between wavy and curly, which I think makes her pony tail hella fly. She was wearing black leggings, light blue jean shorts, and a long darkish gray top. 

She's sort of a really bubbly personality, and she's well... well liked around the warehouse. She's got quite a bit of a flirty personality to her, though she's married. Curse our society and it's mostly monogamous leanings, I swear. I would ask her out in a heartbeat. Oh man. She's a huge dork and D&D nerd too. She's really great. She was also wearing a bright orange safety vest and a harness for one of our forklifts. Harness is bright yellow with some dark blue. Oh well. Her whole outfit can't be beautiful when she's workin. So sad.

Okay, but it was like, the last two hours of work. We were being forced to work an extra hour and a half today, unfortunately, so I think it threw us all a little out of whack. Anyways, I was walking out from one of our aisles of shelving, and I see her parking her forklift, stepping out, and unhooking her harness from her forklift. She and I have a long standing thing where we'll sneak up and try to scare/tickle eachother. Sooooo, basic common procedure, she's looking away, I've got an opening. 

In retrospect, the omo part of me should have seen her fidgeting and having her hand in her crotch, but I thought she was just taking off her harness, which I mean, she was also doing... but. Well anyways. I didn't really connect her parking close to the bathrooms as her needing to use the bathroom, and I've scared her so many times that I didn't think she'd wet if I scared her. But I guess she really had to pee, because she did. I snuck up, hands at the ready to attack her sides, and went in with a particularly loud "BOO!".

She screamed and started laughing hysterically almost instantly. She started exclaiming "No, no, no no no!" between laughs. She had turned to face me, me unrelenting for the first few seconds, until I saw that her hands had shot to her crotch. Slowly a dark wet spot started spreading outwards from her hands, I had thought it wet the harness, but I'm unsure. And then as it stopped growing, a sudden torrent came from between her fingers, spilling across the floor rather loudly. She had opened her legs a little, and while not much of it was going down her legs, I saw her golden urine cascading from her hands to the floor. Less a stream, more like a heavy rain. She had probably cupped it in her hands? It was really a sight to see. I'm not really sure how long it went on. It seemed like an hour as I watched and tried to absorb every last detail, but it was probably closer to thirty seconds or a minute.

Now I knew she was sorta lighter skinned for a hispanic, but I hadn't really known how red she could get, but boy did she blush up a storm. She yelled out my name in a playful sort of annoyance, and lightly slugged my arm, getting my sleeve a little wet. Then she said something along the lines of "whoops, sorry" and ran off to the bathroom. Heaven knows if she had more to let out, but I didn't think so. Probably just general cleaning up. I stuck around the area anyways, having stuff to do nearby, and when she came out, she had her shorts balled up in her hand with some paper towels. She still had the leggings on, but they didn't show much wetness. 

Particularly with how long her shirt was. I asked if she was okay, and she said she was. She'd go home if she had any time off left, but she didn't. I teased her that she'd have to stay in her own pee for the next few hours then, and she hit me again, telling me that she couldn't believe I made her wet herself, that she hadn't done that in years. I joked around that it was probably like, a week tops, and she hit me again. But it was totally worth it. And then she told me she was gonna get me back. Jury's out on that one, but maybe I'll start to hydrate more at work for a little while...

For those worried, we got someone down ASAP to clean it up. She got removed from the sitting forklift with the harness, which they found to be dry, but it had also been a few minutes. The manager offered to let her go home, but she really was out of time, needed the hours, and she said everyone was going to find out anyways. I don't think they did though? She was a bit isolated from everybody when it happened. She was on a standing forklift for the next few hours, during which she apparently dried off just fine, even if she was a bit cold the rest of the shift. She didn't particularly smell or anything, and neither did the part of my sleeve she accidentally got wet. But she reminded me as we were leaving that she'd get me back. And she made the little sign for "I've got my eyes on you." as we walked to our respective cars.

I might be forgetting to mention a few details, but here you go. I hope you like it. I certainly did.

*003*2016-11-07 23:36

Gonna keep my hydration up tonight at work. ;)

Last time I see her for the week though. I'll let you guys know if she exacts her revenge or not.

*004*2016-11-08 12:20

Haha. Okay. Yeah. She exacted her revenge. I guess that works. Early in the day, while nobody was paying attention, but while we were around people, she poured her water bottle on my crotch and said really loudly, "Oh my goodness! Did you just pee your pants?" But then they saw the water bottle and she ended up fessing up to pouring it on me. She didn't think it through that much. lol

I almost actually peed, just cause my pants were already wet, but then I'd be in it all day, and I didn't actually want that with our particularly long shifts lately. Sorry she didn't try to actually make me pee my pants. I'm pretty sure I'm as disappointed as you guys.

