I peed in... pad. Have you ever done it before?

Author: Peygey

*000*2022-03-28 16:29

Hey!

I want to share my exparience about...how is it to pee pad.

I always wanted to know how it feels to pee in diaper but unfortunetlly I dont have one. I was alone in the house, and I really wanted to try something about omorashi. Then I get an idea. I pee in my pad. I wanted to see if it will hold all my pee.

I putted my panties and then paid on and I went to the bathroom, I always feel comfy there. I sat on the floor like I was sitting on a toilet. When I am peeing I always like to imagine that I am peeing on potty with pants on. I bet it would be such good feeling. Back to the topic. I sat on the flor and well...the party begun. On first I let out only small drips, uhm~ I can still feel how warm it felt. Then I stopped and after a few minutes I peed a bit again. That felt soo good! I can even still feel it now.

I were so exited that I stoped peeing, I went to my bedroom, I put on black short and I went to my kitchen room. I dont know why but I started to do something...weird? I dunno what is weird or not. I were letting out small leaks while walking in the kitchen. It felt great, I love the feeling of me sweet pee wetting not only my pad but thights. I know it sound like it wasnt real, I mean, pad cant hold that much water but like I said I were doing really small leaks and this was the bigest pad I had.

After that I sat on the kitchen flor and sarted tu rub my puss. Fuck, the pad were really wet but not full yet. I really needed to pee that moment, I was bursting. I know I couldnt hold It much longer, but I also kne that my pad wouldnt hold that much wee wee. If I have thought it with clear mind I wouldnt do it, but in that moment all I have felt was heat on my wet pussy, I just couldnt resist it. I let it all out.

Fuck, that was a disaster. In a few soconds my pad was soaked, and and all my pee ran down my legs. When I let go I felt soo good, that was such a relief. I wasnt thinking, all that I have in my was this warm, and pee on my legs, this amazing feeling. When I finished I realised how big mess did I make. My piss was all over the floor. Fortunetlly I managed to clean this up.

I dont know how to ends this. I just wish that I will do that again in the future.

