[male] Having fun at the beach

Author: PoolBoy

*000*2018-11-01 15:22

I had a day off from work today, so I was playing soccer with a friend. later on we decided to head to the beach.

By the time we got there, I had to pee really bad.

Since I never use the bathrooms at the beach, I planned to go in the ocean, but it's autumn time and the water was too cold.

We sat on the sand, not far from the shoreline, and then I just had to let it go.

So there I was, peeing in my navy blue Adidas basketball shorts, with my friend sitting right next to me. He didn't notice what I was doing.

By the time we left I was pretty dry, so I didn't get caught :)

$$

*002*2018-11-04 06:48

{{1 hour ago, blasseroz said:

Not even when you took out your e-device to take that fantastic photo?

}}

Nope :)

Everybody around were too busy with their smartphones, so I was blending in.

It's a photo from a video I took (which I want to upload, but I have to disable the sound first.

I don't want people to hear me and my friend talking ;)

*006*2018-11-10 21:30

{{On 11/9/2018 at 3:14 PM, blasseroz said:

Yes please! I am very interested in seeing this image in context.

}}

Especially for you, let me know if you like it -

I was unable to upload the video, so here's a link to watch/download it:

%https://drive.google.com/file/d/1x433QA1W7bbJpVkjqZ55G-SQiRJ6Ok39/view?usp=sharing

It will be sunny later this week so I might head back to the beach for another video

{{On 11/9/2018 at 3:45 PM, BENAir01 said:

Lovely picture

}}

Thank you Ben, I've been here for quite a while and it's the first time I have the guts to post something of my own.

I really enjoy your stories.

*007*2018-11-10 21:37

{{2 hours ago, BillNC said:

Nice, man.

There's a beach boardwalk place I go to often. Their bar is two-sided  – bar stools both inside, and on the boardwalk. The boardwalk has gaps, and you can see the sand underneath. Of course, the boardwalk gets wet often, with rain, spilled beer, and, yes, urine. I've noticed that I'm not the only one who just lets it go from time to time. It beats getting up, going inside to the restroom, maybe waiting in line, maybe losing your seat at the bar.

I spent a whole September afternoon at that bar, watched two college football games, had more than a few beers, and never once left my position. I'd just stand to avoid getting the stool wet, and pissed through my board shorts, down my legs, and onto the boardwalk. It's a great feeling. And like I say, I'm not the only one. I've seen puddles there the size of small lakes.

}}

Sounds awesome. It's very rare to see people piss their shorts at the beach. Usually they'll just go in the ocean.

There's nothing more I love to see than a guy pissing his board shorts

