Every. Damn. Day. At. Work

Author: PrincessInTheP

*000*2021-10-13 15:37

More proof that the gods are sadistic perverts too

Who closes the bathrooms for cleaning at lunch time when I'm the only fucking person in this damn place?! If I didn't know better I would suspect SOMEBODY I know of paying the cleaning crew off. Grrrrr

$$

*002*2021-10-13 20:59

{{55 minutes ago, Despguy123 said:

One of the things I miss about working in Germany is that they wouldn't ever close the bathrooms for cleaning. It was pretty standard for a cleaning lady to just walk in and start mopping the floors or cleaning the sinks while I stood peeing in the urinal right next to her. Took a while to adjust to at first and I'd get pee shy but soon got used to it. It was the same in Spain, France and Holland too.

Seems to be becoming more common in the UK as well to have female cleaners in the men's bathrooms without needing to close them, but there's usually a sign up saying something like 'these facilities are cleaned by both male and female cleaners'.

}}

Yes!!!!

My office building has five floors each floor has bathrooms. On my floor there's three companies and out of the three companies I am the only employee who comes in. Who are they even washing these bathrooms for?

They used to have a woman that came in and I would explain to her in my broken Spanish that she can keep working. But now they have a dude and when I try to explain to him that he can keep working he just blushes and runs.

But they clean the bathrooms at night too so what's this midday nonsense? I'm a busy gal on the go!

*004*2021-10-13 22:14

{{1 hour ago, Stanley79 said:

Was that photograph taken in Canada?

}}

No. I wish.

It is funny though bc almost everything around here is English and SPANISH , not French.. I'm sure the building management stole it from someplace else to save a dollar

*009*2021-10-18 11:33

{{On 10/16/2021 at 11:11 PM, capacitylover said:

I wonder how much you have to hold on these occasions

}}

I have about 10 days of every month where I work crazy hours to meet deadlines. I don't usually have accidents these days bc all my free time is for sleeping lol. On those days I have to set a reminder to eat at the office I get so engrossed in what I am doing. I also start every work morning by filling up 3L of water and putting it in my desk. I make myself drink it all before I leave the office and then take another L home to finish off the day/ start the next day. Add in a few coffees and seltzers and you have one VERY desperate woman by lunch time. When I manage to find the time to race to the bathroom and then I see this sign...I'm crushed. Thoroughly. Even though that tiny lil man that lives inside my head always whispers " but, what if..." And then I shake it off and go racing up and down the stairs to different floors looking for an open ladies room.

BECAUSE THEY DO THIS TO ALL THE FLOORS IN MY OFFICE.

I should sell tickets to y'all to come and watch the "Ladies Lunchtime Potty Parade "

*011*2021-10-19 00:28

{{3 minutes ago, capacitylover said:

Wow! How do you get through the afternoon then? Do you hold it until you get home? I wonder what your bladder capacity is, have you ever measured?

}}

They are only closed for a half hour or so while cleaning. Days when I'm busy at work those are NOT holding days. My Excel spreadsheets don't care about our perverted needs lol

*014*2021-10-20 01:33

{{9 hours ago, BB1BBB said:

=IF(VLOOKUP(BladderTable[Bladder Level],[Capacity],FALSE)>1000, GO,WIGGLE)

}}

If only it were that easy .

Btw, this might be my favourite comment ever. Well played, Sir.

*016*2021-10-20 13:02

{{22 minutes ago, BB1BBB said:

It’s also made my day of spreadsheet drudgery more bearable because I can pretend you’re at the adjacent desk

}}

Oh I like that.

And good bc I need help with petty larceny. I need to "borrow" this three hole punch. I'll hide it up my dress while you run cover. Goooooo Team!

