The story of my only real accident

Author: Pennyjenny

*000*2025-04-17 18:43

Hi all, I’m somewhat new to this page and wanted to share the story that actually led me here in a roundabout way of my first time accidentally peeing my pants as an adult (it’s a long story, but I ended up turning to reddit to get over the shame of what happened and ended up exploring omo that way). That being said, this all happened before I was into this as fetish. Looking back I can see it through a new lens but at the time I was mortified. Telling this story now with the hope to make others feel less alone, but also hopefully you all enjoy it!

***

This happened about a year ago, to set the scene I’m a woman in my mid twenties, 5”2, pretty average build, blonde hair. On the night this happened I was wearing lightwash jeans and a black top.

So, I live on the outskirts of a big city, and a band I’ve all loved since high school came to tour in the city. I was super excited to see them live, and a newer group of my friends was also going, so we went together. We were all super excited, and ubered into the city together to the venue (about a 45 minute drive) because we all wanted to drink at the concert. I will spare you the details of the concert, it was great, but we got there early enough to each have a couple drinks from the bar.

By halfway through the show I was really starting to feel the impacts of the drinks. By this point we had pushed close to the front though, and I was having an awesome time dancing to one of my favorite bands, and was not about to leave and potentially miss multiple songs and my place at the front.

I remember my bladder feeling very full and heavy, and I started to feel fuller with every movement dancing along to the music. It was definitely uncomfortable, but I knew there were only a few more songs and then I would go to the bathroom.

I was trying to enjoy the music, but honestly as it went on my mind kept drifting to my sensitive bladder and I started planning the route I would take to the bathroom as soon as the show was over. I knew there would probably be a line, so I wanted to be one of the first in line.

It got to a point where I had to stop dancing so much or I felt like I might lose control. I kind of just stood with my legs crossed for the last couple songs, banging my head a little, but much more movement than that honestly felt painful. I remember feeling surprised how quickly the urge got intense (I guess beer will do that to you).

As soon as the show ended (I was begging in my mind for no encore because I needed to pee bad, and luckily there wasn’t one), I quickly told my friends I had to pee and I would meet them by the doors.

I moved as quickly as I could through the crowd and got to the bathrooms before a super huge line had formed, but there were maybe 20-30 women in front of me.

At this point I felt like I had to physically cross my legs and move side to side. The urge was more intense than I could ever remember feeling and I was genuinely worried it would get worse before I made it to the bathroom. The line was moving slow (I think some of the toilets were out of service) but I was about 10 people away from the bathroom when one of my friends ran to find me and told me the uber was there and we needed to go.

Instantly my heart sank. I asked her if we could wait a few more minutes because I really had to pee and I was almost at the front of the line, but she said the uber was waiting, so I said okay and followed her out.

(This was the part that I kept thinking back on after the incident. Why didn’t I just tell her I needed a few more minutes to use the bathroom before we left??? Or even just tell them to go without me and find my own way home after using the bathroom?? I should have advocated more for myself, but this was a newer group of friends to me and I didn’t feel like I could communicate how urgent it was. Plus an uber back by myself would have been expensive.)

Whatever the reason, I followed my friends out to the uber. At this point I felt every step in my bladder, like a joint of pain every time I stepped. I tried to take small steps and not jostle myself too much. At this point I told myself it was a short ride home and sitting would be easier, and I could pee as soon as I got home.

We got in the uber and I sat in the far back with one other girl, with two girls in the front. I was grateful it was dark in the back because at that point I was physically rocking back and forth in the backseat because I felt like that was the only thing that made the feeling in my bladder a little better.

Soon after getting into the car I think I told my friends how bad I needed to pee, but I think I undersold how urgent it was because they all sort of laughed it off like “same girl.” During the ride everyone was yelling/talking about the concert (we were all somewhat drunk I think although at this point I had sobered up quickly haha) but I felt like I couldn’t talk because all of my energy was focused on holding my pee.

I think a few minutes after we got in the car was when I started realizing I might actually literally pee my pants. I had never felt an urge that strong before. I readjusted my legs so I was sitting on top of my foot because for some reason that felt like it made it easier to hold, like I was physically blocking myself with the heel of my foot and rocking back and forth on it.

I was sort of panicking at this point to be honest and a couple minutes after we got in the car I started scanning the streets for a gas station or something to ask the Uber driver to pull into, that’s how desperate I was. But at that point it was just highway, and not even anywhere to pull off on the side of the road. And honestly I don’t know if I would have had the courage to ask them to pull over anyway, I’m pretty shy, but at that point I couldn’t think about anything other than how bad I had to pee.

I tried to focus on what my friends were talking about but it took all my energy to keep myself from peeing right there in the car. I felt like the more I focused on holding it in the harder it got. Every few seconds I kept feeling like I was going to lose control and had to squeeze even harder on my bladder muscle.

Then there was this turning point that I can’t really explain but suddenly it felt like I totally lost control. Like I was squeezing but I had to pee so bad that it overrode my efforts and suddenly I felt a huge gush come out in my underwear. I completely froze when this happened because I couldn’t believe I had actually just peed in my pants. I was able to stop that one after maybe just one or two seconds but I had fully leaked pee into my jeans and probably onto my foot but I didn’t want to move an inch to check because I was worried it would happen again.

At this point I was like, I need the car to pull over NOW or I’m literally going to pee all over myself. I said something like “guys I think I’m actually going to pee myself, can you ask the driver to pull over”. I said this to the girls in the front. I obviously didn’t tell them like oh I actually just peed a little because how would I even say that?? I was just praying they wouldn’t notice.

One of my friends was brave and called up to the driver like “hey can you pull over? My friend really needs to pee” but the driver didn’t respond at all. She sort of repeated her question again and the driver said something but I don’t even remember what it was, clearly English was not his first language and I think he was saying it wasn’t safe to pull over or something. My friend looked back at me and kinda shrugged sorry.

That was when I actually started to feel my eyes tear up because I sort of knew this wasn’t going to end well. There were probably 20 minutes left in the drive and I just didn’t know what to do.

Luckily I was going to be the first stop for drop off so I just willed myself to hold on. My bladder almost felt numb at this point, which made me nervous because I couldn’t feel if I was about to leak again.

Probably a couple minutes later I felt it happen again, like just a complete loss of control of my muscles. This one lasted longer, maybe 2-3 seconds of full out peeing in my jeans. I crammed both my hands into my vagina this time and was sort of hunched over just praying it would stop.

My friend sitting next to me at this point saw this and asked me if I was okay but all I could do was shake my head no as the tears started to fall. I was just mortified that I was about to pee my pants like a little kid in this random car.

I remember having both my hands pressing into my vagina while sitting on my foot and rocking back and forth like then when my friends actually noticed that I was not doing okay. They all I think didn’t realize that I was basically already peeing myself because they were like “aw it’s okay you can hold it we’re almost home!” because they didn’t realize I was already sitting in a wet spot.

At that point I just wanted everyone to stop looking at me so I was like oh I’m fine haha (which I clearly wasn’t) and tried to sit up straight a little so they would stop looking at me so concerned and force a smile, and I moved my hands out from between my legs onto my lap.

Unfortunately, something about trying to relax my body so I could look like I was okay was the final straw. As soon as I tried to show them I was okay and moved my hands away from holding, that’s when I fully lost control. I felt my hold on my muscles slip away and felt my pee fully come out of me. I gasped out loud and shot my hands back to my vagina but I physically had no control anymore. I was so shocked it was actually happening that I said something out loud like “oh my god I’m peeing”.

It was such a crazy feeling like I couldn’t stop it at all, there was just this warm liquid coming out of me and all over my foot and my hands and the seat. I kept repeating “oh my god oh my god” because it felt so crazy that I couldn’t stop it and I didn’t know what to do. It felt like it lasted ten minutes but it was probably only like thirty seconds and just so much pee came out of me that it filled up the seat and started dripping off the seat onto the ground. At this point my friends were yelling at the uber driver “pull over pull over” which he eventually did but at that point I had managed to finally stop peeing and was just sitting in a huge puddle and crying because I was so embarrassed. I didn’t want to get out of the car on the side of the highway because everyone would see my wet pants so I just told the driver to keep driving. I don’t even think he fully knew what was going on because of the language barrier.

The rest of the drive is honestly a blur but luckily my friends were super sympathetic and told me it was okay and they’ve been in similar situations. My friend sitting next to me gave me her hoodie so I could tie around my waist when I walked into my apartment building. I knew this was pretty useless because looking down I could tell that the front of my pants was wet too, and my whole lower leg that I was sitting on top of and the back of the leg that was down. But it was still a nice gesture. Basically as soon as we pulled up to my house I jumped out of the car and wrapped the hoodie around me and ran to my apartment where I sat on the toilet and finished peeing and then just cried for a while before dealing with my wet jeans and socks and shoes and underwear. I think while I was running into my apartment I peed a little more but I couldn’t even tell at that point.

Anyway that’s basically the story. Luckily my friends were super nice and I wasn’t around a lot of people so it could have been worse. I did have to pay a fee to uber but it wasn’t that bad. Retelling it makes me so embarrassed but also kind of turns me on now that I have some space from it and I’m hoping it is hot to at least one of you 🙂 thanks for reading ❤️

*020*2025-04-24 03:18

{{On 4/22/2025 at 6:33 AM, Ian Newton said:

Really well written story, and yes I found it very hot. It's great that your friends were so understanding, considering they were a relatively new group. Has anyone mentioned it since?

}}

Honestly no one really mentioned it after which I was so grateful for!! I don’t see this friend group much anymore I think I was too embarrassed to keep reaching out after and we sort of went separate ways

{{22 hours ago, HYM54 said:

Great story to read. Thanks for sharing .

I can imagine how embarrassing it was. How do you feel about this experience now ?

}}

It’s complicated because I have been getting into omo more since the accident and am aroused thinking about other people in these scenarios, and even thinking about myself in similar scenarios, but at the time I was so mortified and ashamed.

{{4 hours ago, DespAndHold said:

I am so sorry you had to experience this and how mortifying it was for you. I am glad you now feel comfortable to share and allow others to take sexual pleasure from this situation.

I have to say you are an amazing writer as this had su ch detail and tension and I enjoyed it very much despite feeling sorry for you.

One thing I couldn’t understand is why your friends didn’t need to pee? You’d drank a lot and waited so long most people would explode as you did!

}}

I think they did need to pee if I remember correctly just not as bad as I did! I’ve always had a particularly weak and small bladder I think, I always need to go pee more than my friends

