I wet my shorts while out on a run! (Vid, pics + story)

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2023-02-05 19:38

Yesterday evening, I carried out my boldest public wetting yet! While no one spotted me, it left my heart pounding, and I still can barely believe I was brave enough to do it.

I deliberately set out for a run with a fairly full bladder. I was planning on running seven miles and wetting myself somewhere along the way. There was a brisk breeze, so I knew I could dry out quickly — and these shorts barely show wetness anyway. As I ran, I managed to force out a couple of leaks without breaking my stride. I didn't let out enough at a time for it to run down my legs, just enough to dampen the crotch. Feeling my shorts turn warm and wet, then rapidly cool against my pussy, was such a turn-on.

(Now I really want to wet myself completely while running, but I was trying to keep up a 9-minute/mile pace over a fairly long distance this time and didn't want to soak my socks and shoes.)

Anyway, I miscalculated and as I neared my turnaround, I realized this run would add up to 8 miles. I'd brought a hydration belt with me and had been sipping water regularly, and my bladder felt almost sloshy. I'd intended to wet closer to home in one of my usual spots. But I was so horny from my full bladder and letting out leaks that I decided to try something new. Plus, the sun was starting to set, and the light was perfect for filming.

This path runs through an open space, and there are fields and scrubby bushes to either side. Very little cover, in other words. On the other hand, there are no buildings nearby and you can see people coming, so there was little risk of someone getting close enough to see anything without me spotting them first. I started looking for a promising, well-lit spot. It struck me that if I perched atop a concrete retaining wall and released my piss, it would make a beautiful streak down the wall to the ground. There's melting snow and puddles everywhere, so one more wet spot wouldn't be suspicious.

Finally, 6 miles into my run, I clocked a good spot. My back would be to a nearby road, and I'd be on the inside of a curve with a long line of sight in either direction. I paused my run and boosted myself to the top of the wall, suddenly shaky with excitement. I wasn't wearing underwear under my thin running shorts, and the concrete was frigid against my ass and pussy. Despite my desperation, it took me a minute to start pissing — this was such an exposed spot, and I was about to do something much bolder than usual.

Finally, I felt piss creeping down my urethra and hit record on my phone. The first leak cooled instantly as it hit the concrete, but then warm pee pooled under my pussy and cascaded down the wall. The concrete darkened quickly — I even made a little puddle on the ground. The piss flowing past my hard clit felt divine. When my stream slowed, I pressed on my bladder to make sure I was truly empty. My ass and crotch were soaked! I hopped down from the wall, took a couple pictures, and moved further along it to find a dry seat while I made sure the video saved. Just as I took my new perch, two guys zoomed past on the sidewalk on dirt bikes (wtf). It was a closer call than I expected!

I quickly resumed my run, slick between my legs with arousal. Luckily it was several minutes before I passed anyone else. By then, the wet spot was practically invisible, and it had dried completely before I made it home. I sprinted the last quarter mile and even got a bit of a runner's high — nothing elevates a run like a naughty piss does. My shorts went straight into the wash.

This whole experience was exhilarating, and I'm already eager to repeat it.

&&

&&

