I didn’t realize how big my bladder was

Author: puddlesncuddle

*000*2020-01-13 08:32

I thought I’d post another story that I remembered :] This one is a bit older, so the details might be a bit blurred.

It started during summer break a year ago. I was bored and kind of horny, so I decided that I’d do a hold. I live in a small town in the middle of nowhere, so I didn’t really have anything else to do lol.

I don’t remember exactly how much it was that I drank, but I do remember making 2 cups of tea because this was the day I learned that caffeine quickly fills my bladder.

I had downed the drinks, trying to do a rapid hold, but I kind of lost track of what I was doing (thanks ADHD) and I fell down the rabbit hole of random youtube videos.

When it finally hit me, I was at a 7/10. My bladder had decided that enough was enough and I had to stop ignoring it. I gripped myself as I attempted to ride the wave of extreme desperation that was going through me.

Stupidly enough, I decided to go back to my video and ignore my need as much as I could. I held myself as I watched a few more videos, but I was honestly way too distracted to pay attention to what was happening in any of them.

Finally, the inevitable happened. I leaked. It wasn’t just a small spurt either, oh no. It was a huge leak that saturated my underwear. I didn’t realize how bad it was until I was terrified that I would piss myself in my chair.

I decided to get up and run to the shower. As soon as I stepped into the tub, another leak sprung from me, and wet the front of my pants down to my mid-thigh. I realized that there was no hope for my bladder, and as soon as I let myself go there was a river that poured out of me.

It started slowly, and hurt. I thought I broke myself lol. I pushed a bit, marveling in the pain that was shooting through my stretched out bladder, and it quickly became a thick stream that hissed against my light blue jeans. I had to have gone for at least 30 seconds before it started to taper off, but I could still feel that I had some left inside of me. So I pushed some more and yet ANOTHER stream flowed out of me.

I was kind of amazed at how much I had held inside of me. This stream lasted for at least another 20 seconds, and as I pushed more tiny gushes came out. It seemed to never stop, I didn’t know how long I would take. As soon as I thought it was done, more would come out.

Finally, after probably 1:30, it was all out of me. I was completely empty. When fanfics say that the character holding feels like jelly, I didn’t understand what it meant until that day. I quickly jerked off, rinsed myself, and sat in bed reveling in the feeling of a completely stretched out, tired bladder.

Needless to say, I couldn’t hold any piss longer than an hour that day after my hold lol. It was the best wetting I’ve ever done to this day.

