Pee during sport

Author: Pee jeans

*000*2019-09-28 22:00

Have you ever peed yourself while doing sport? Have you been caught?

Every experience in every kind of sport is super-welcome (also if you just witnessed it).

I often peed in water during my swim lessons, and saw wetting accident during judo and ice hockey.

*005*2019-10-04 17:47

{{20 hours ago, CGWmech15 said:

I was a swimmer in highschool and my first 2 years i almost always shared a lane with a cute redhead a few years older than me. She would tell me every single time she peed in the pool right next to me. I used to jokingly thank her for warming me up. I remember on one long bus ride to a meet she was complaining to me about how badly she needed to pee. She squirmed and held herself until we got to the away school. We got separated in the locker rooms obviously, but when we were waiting for the warmups to open she was still squirming. She told me the bathrooms were separate from the changing rooms and didn't want to walk that far. When we hopped in the pool I still remember the look of relaxation on her face.

I also ran track with the same girl and she got desperate next to me on the bus on 2 different occasions, but nothing came of it.

Senior year i dated a cheer leader for a short time and i remember her telling me about almost peeing her pants during a basketball game. She said she didn't have time to go before an away game started and had to hold it while cheering and dancing until after their halftime show. Unfortunately i was not there to witness it.

}}

That's fantastic, I'd love if a girl would pee in the pool right beside me.

Did she tell you she was peeing before or after she actually peed?

I'm curious about how did she tell you the very first time, it should be quite funny

{{On 9/30/2019 at 2:58 PM, WetG/F said:

This post just reminded me of a pic I saw maybe a couple of years ago now...it was of a teen girl on a podium, I don't think she had come first.....but her shorts were so obviously wet.(pee wet)...I would rate it as the best 'sport wetting' pic I have ever seen....even counting all the sport wettings that used to be on that site that closed. Does anyone know the pic I mean or have a link?

}}

This answer in turns reminds me of a scene I witnessed some years ago. My sister was a swimmer and I sometimes went to watch her swimming competition. In this particular occasion there was a girl on the podium who had to pee very clearly. She was wearing just her swimsuit and a long white t-shirt. She kept a hand (and her t-shirt) tight pressed between her legs, holding her crotch the whole time she was on the podium. I don't know if she actually peed her swimsuit, but it seems to me very difficult that she didn't leak at least a little

*012*2019-10-07 22:07

{{12 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

During so many ice and field hockey games!

}}

Have you ever been caught?

