The time I was bursting at my new job

Author: phoenix76

*000*2024-06-02 10:35

Hi everyone, I'm excited to finally be posting on this forum. I've been a long time lurker here, and finally decided to join the community. This is my very first post, and I hope you enjoy it. Please feel free to leave comments for me about my writing or ask questions if you're curious about my stories! Thank you all in advance!

###

Some background first: My former job was as an associate psychologist, working for a child and adolescent mental health services (CAMHS) agency. We were running a pilot programme whereby school psychologists/ social workers/ counsellors could call in and refer a student with suspected mental health conditions (e.g., depression, anxiety, OCD, PTSD, eating disorders, conduct disorders) for a free mental health assessment – with their parent or legal guardian’s consent, of course. If we accepted the case, myself or one of my colleagues would travel down to the school and speak to the student in what’s known as a clinical interview. We also would interview the parents or legal guardians to get a more holistic picture of the student’s struggles, as well as the student’s form tutor or other teachers.

After a couple of weeks, we would then put together a report with our findings, as well as management plan with our recommendations for the student (e.g. to receive counselling for XXX issues, to have a teacher aide assigned to them during class, to receive extra time during exams). Sometimes there was a ‘happy ending’ when the student began receiving extra support and care for their mental wellbeing. Other times, it was frustrating and sad to see how the student’s school and/or parents were, for various reasons, unable or unwilling to help.

The programme eventually shut down due to lack of funding and other systemic issues, however, I remember my time fondly there due to the meaningful work in youth mental health… and also the countless opportunities to indulge in my budding omorashi interests!

Here’s a short story about one of those times where I had a close call. If this takes off, I might write in greater detail about my experiences when I can!

###

When I was new on the job, I was assigned to shadow an older, more experienced colleague whom I will refer to as Zara. I was to follow her out on her school visits for the first 2-3 months and learn how to conduct the mental health assessments according to our agency’s protocols. At the very beginning, I was not expected to conduct the assessments at all, but simply sit in to observe and take detailed notes, which would later contribute towards the report we would write together.

Now, because our agency wanted to minimise travel costs (we were given transport allowances to take taxis or Grab/ Uber/ Lyft cars between our office and the schools), we were encouraged to do all the interviews on the same day to minimise the need for multiple visits to the same school (these were the days before Covid and the rise of online meeting platforms like Zoom). That usually meant spending about half the day for each school assessment, speaking to the student, parents/ legal guardians, and any school staff who wanted to offer us information about said student. It was not uncommon to spend up to 4-5 hours in the same meeting room with little to no breaks while we spoke to all these people!

On this particular day, Zara had scheduled a school visit after lunch. I took great care to minimise my fluid intake from mid-morning onwards, sipping water only when necessary. I also made sure to use the restroom right before we set out on a 20-minute taxi ride to the school. There, we were greeted by the school social worker, who showed us to a small meeting room within the reception office. I had been keeping an eye out for signs pointing out the restrooms, but there weren’t any, and I was much too shy to ask. I reassured myself that I would be ok, and that as a student myself years ago I often lasted entire 7-hour school days without a single restroom visit. However, it had been cold and rainy all day, which usually makes me have to pee more. That’s how I found myself already needing to pee just barely an hour into the assessment, and I began to worry.

From the background information that the school social worker had given us, I knew that this student we were interviewing that day was Alex (not his real name), a 14-year-old boy in foster care. He came from a complex family involving multiple stressors such as divorce, domestic violence, and a history of drug use on his biological father’s side. He had been referred to us as he had been having panic attacks in class and was observed to be in a low, depressed mood for the past 3 months.

As Zara spoke to Alex, he broke down crying at many points as he told us, in great detail, about the horrific abuse he’d endured or witnessed at home. This gave us plenty of information for our report, and perhaps one for CPS too, but it meant that the student interview segment lasted for just over 2.5 hours! And we still had to speak to Alex’s foster parents, not to mention his teachers!

I had been hoping that we would have the opportunity for a quick break in between the student and parents interview segments, but to my dismay, this would not be the case. The school social worker had been waiting outside the meeting room with Alex’s foster parents, having arrived at reception nearly 30 minutes before we’d finished talking to him. There was no polite way to excuse myself, not when they had already been waiting patiently for so long, and it would certainly be inconsiderate of me to keep them waiting while I went in search of the nearest restrooms. I briefly wondered if Zara herself needed the restroom by this point, but she showed no signs of it as she warmly ushered the foster parents into the meeting room and shut the door.

Like Alex, his foster parents were forthcoming with their worries about his mental health struggles. They answered Zara’s questions readily, and for the most of their interview, it kept me occupied typing up notes on my laptop. However, as time passed, it became increasingly difficult to distract myself from my now urgent need. By now, it was about 3.5 hours since Zara and I had arrived at the school – which meant it was nearly 4 hours since I’d last peed.

I was not yet struggling to hold on, but I was at the stage where I was alternating between crossing my legs and tapping my feet slightly under the table. Again, I briefly considered excusing myself from the meeting room – perhaps by pretending to take a call on my work phone – but I had no idea how quickly I would be able to locate the nearest restrooms, use it, and return to the interview. Also, being fairly new on the job, I wanted to give Zara a good impression of myself, and running off to the restrooms halfway through an assessment was certainly not the way to go about it.

By the end of the parent interview (time check: 4.5 hours since I last peed), I could barely stop myself from fidgeting in my seat and moaning quietly whenever I accidentally jolted my overfull bladder. Rising from the table to walk Alex’s foster parents out of the meeting room, I had to tense my muscles down there as I felt the urge double in intensity. With every step I took, I could feel my rock-hard bladder pushing against the waistband of my work trousers.

To say that I was horrified when I saw four teachers waiting outside would be an understatement. Clearly, they were all there to speak to Zara and I about Alex, and one of them was even carrying Alex’s school records folder (basically a file with the student’s personal information, important medical history, parents’ contact information, and copies of their report cards). Normally, seeing this many teachers show up was a good sign, because it usually meant that the student was more likely to receive care and support afterwards – but today, when all I really wanted was to race to the nearest restroom, it sent me into despair.

I cursed the cool and rainy weather under my breath.

Once again, as I held the door to the meeting room open and watched the teachers file in, my mind raced to find an opportunity to excuse myself for a short while, but failed. Gritting my teeth I retook my seat at the now crowded table, and just about stopped myself from wincing as my bladder protested the movement.

Please… I thought. Please don’t take too long. Aren’t teachers always complaining that they’re busy with loads of essays and worksheets to mark after school every day? Then surely they’ll try to make this meeting quick, right?

With trembling hands, I resumed typing notes into my laptop as Zara skilfully dived into interviewing the teachers and inviting them to share their concerns regarding Alex’s wellbeing and academic performance. I was simply bursting now, hardly daring to breathe, trying to stay as still as possible while bouncing my legs under the table. Sweat was beading down my back, and I wondered how long more I could last in this distinctly uncomfortable state before I finally had no choice but to excuse myself. It was quickly approaching emergency status, so I was only half-listening to Zara and the teachers by now, and not even my note-taking could distract me from the incessant urges from my bladder.

I began to rehearse what I would say aloud. Please excuse me for a moment, I really need the restroom. Or, please excuse me, I will be back in a few minutes. Or perhaps I apologise, I’m in need of a quick break…

My musings were interrupted by a knock on the door, and I fervently hoped it wasn’t someone else joining us midway through with even more information to give us about Alex.

The school social worker walked in, and my heart dropped.

“Hello, sorry to interrupt, but I thought you might all like some refreshments? It’s been a long day, and I’m very thankful for your support for Alex.” It was then I noticed she was carrying a tray of drinks and biscuits, which she carefully set down on the table.

“Goodness,” she continued saying, glancing around. “Had I known there would be so many of us, I would have booked a bigger meeting room – it’s looking a little crammed in here! Would you like to move to the meeting room in the next corridor and have a bit more breathing space?”

Before I could react, a couple of the teachers had murmured their assent, and moved to follow her out, no doubt eager to stretch their legs after sitting for a while as we’d talked. Or perhaps they were hungry and thirsty and simply wanted to get a bite to eat as soon as they settled into the other meeting room. I was almost crying as I stood, and had to grit my teeth to stop myself from gasping aloud when a particularly strong urge emanated from my bladder. Taking great care to minimise unnecessary movements, I gathered my belongings, and followed them to wherever they were going.

As we turned a corner into the next corridor, walking deeper into the reception office, my eyes fell onto a sign pointing out the restrooms at the end, and the meeting room about halfway down.

Taking a moment to steady myself, I turned to Zara, who had been walking just behind me, and said as calmly as possible, “Zara, if you don’t mind, I’m going to the restroom over there before we resume the meeting.” It came out a bit more forcefully and loudly then I would’ve liked, but this was no time for modesty. I didn’t know when my next chance to use a restroom would be, and I doubted I could wait any longer.

“Oh, of course, go ahead,” Zara replied, but I had already started down the corridor before she’d finished her answer. I didn’t even bother entering the meeting room to first place my laptop and bag on the table before heading to the restrooms; the only thought on my mind was to finally relieve myself of this terribly urgent, all-consuming need.

As I hurriedly closed the distance between myself and the restrooms, the waistband of my smart work trousers was tight against my bulging bladder, and I was actively clenching my openings shut as pangs of urgency assaulted them. I was so, so full, and I was trembling in desperation as I pushed open the door to the thankfully unoccupied ladies’ restroom. Haphazardly dumping my laptop and bag onto the sink counter, I rushed into the nearest stall, undoing the top button of my trousers as I went along. Yanking down the zip with one hand while jamming the lock shut, my breath hitched as I fought to retain control for just a few moments more.

It took a few seconds for my stream to start after I’d thrown myself onto the toilet. I had been expecting a thick, gushing stream to begin pouring out almost immediately, but apparently, I had been so extremely full that my bladder was only releasing a thin, continuous stream. Having read about this phenomenon on other posts in this forum, I didn’t try to push or bear down to pee faster, but it was absolute agony as I wanted relief as soon as possible and yet my bladder was taking its own sweet time to empty itself!

About 5-6 seconds after my stream started, I reached for my smartwatch and began timing it. I simply sat on the toilet, basking in the gradual relief as my bladder slowly but surely deflated. Exhaling loudly in satisfaction, I slumped forward slightly, closed my eyes, and tried to savour the pure goodness of how it felt to finally pee after having been in such desperate need for the last 4 hours or so after I first felt the urge. Despite knowing that there was no one else in the restroom with me, I resisted the urge to moan in relief.

My stream didn’t increase in intensity at all throughout, so I was forced to sit there and give in to my body. Halfway through my extended pee, my thoughts had turned to Zara and the other school staff back in the meeting room waiting for me, but I knew I had to take care of myself first – and forcing my bladder to pee faster could hurt it. On and on my stream went, steadily emptying into the toilet.

As the last drops of urine plinked into the water, I glanced back at my watch. I stopped the timer at 01:53, which meant that if I included the 5 or so seconds at the beginning, I had been peeing for nearly 2 minutes!

Realising this, I ran a hand over my bladder, sighing in relief once again as I revelled in the glorious feeling of being empty. It had been some time since I had been in such frantic, desperate need of the toilet, and it probably one of the closest calls I had ever had (at the time) where I was doubting my ability to get to a restroom in time. I quickly cleaned myself up, making sure I was once again presentable, before heading back to the meeting.

The meeting went on to last another 45 minutes, as the teachers took turns to share their observations regarding Alex in his various classes and in general as they’d seen him around the school. We also had a short discussion on how they could continue looking out for him moving forwards. I was so grateful that I had taken the chance to use the restroom when I did, because I really think I would not have lasted the extra time without either disgracing myself or having to excuse myself at a much more inopportune moment halfway through!

Zara, on the other hand, demonstrated her remarkable capacity to me that day. In total, we had been at the school for slightly more than 5 hours (2.5h for the interview with Alex, 1.5h for the interview with Alex’s foster parents, and just over 1h for the teachers’ meeting), and yet she did not even hint at any need for the restroom in all that time. The only indication that she had been holding on for some time was when we both stopped by the restroom after the meeting, and she spent a considerably longer time in her stall relieving herself, compared to my much shorter “safety pee” (it was approaching the evening rush hour by the time we left). I marvelled at how Zara had even been drinking steadily from her coffee flask throughout the interviews, whereas I had only sipped from a water bottle and yet ended up so bursting for the toilet in the end!

*011*2024-06-15 10:56

Didn't mean to go missing for that long after I'd posted, but whew! I'm overwhelmed by the warm welcome I've received here. Thank you all for your lovely comments and encouragements. I'm currently in the midst of something else, but will definitely try to write up more stories soon!

*012*2024-06-15 11:02

{{On 6/7/2024 at 4:41 PM, DespAndHold said:

I really enjoyed this, the way you described your desperation and the pee after it where amazing!

And I am so impressed by your colleague! Did you get to hear how long and powerful her pee was when she calmly went?

}}

Thank you for your kind compliments. Yes, it certainly was an amazing, badly needed pee that day!

As for my colleague, I did hear her pee, but faintly only. Firstly because when I went to the restroom with her, I was careful to "mind the gap" by leaving a stall between us (there were only 3 in this restroom). And secondly, I suspect her pee stream might also have been thin and 'soft' like mine when she finally went, so it wasn't very loud.

*013*2024-06-15 11:12

{{On 6/8/2024 at 11:52 AM, wettingman said:

Well written stories of prolonged female desperation that end in just making it, or not, maybe with just a small leak are what I enjoy. This is one of those stories.

I just have one criticism. I love hearing the details on your desperation and why you had to keep holding your pee and nervousness about what to do about it. Been there many times. However, I was a bit uncomfortable reading so much details about your clients.Thank you for sharing and I hope to hear more from you.

}}

@wettingman

Thank you for your feedback! I've looked through my story again. I personally feel that I didn't give a lot of personal details about Alex, though I understand you might be concerned about me giving too much detail about minors, or perhaps because the topics can be quite sensitive or even 'taboo' in some cultures. In future stories, I'll be more mindful about the details I add in about the patients/ clients.

