My First Personal Experience (Male)

Author: PantyPeeFan21

*000*2017-10-01 14:29

I discovered this fetish a few years ago in my mid-teens.

On to the story. The first video I ever watched for this fetish was some girl wetting her panties. My initial reaction was intrigue, not disgust. So I started using similar videos for masterbation material. That continued for a few days.

One day I had a lot more to drink than usual. I felt fine at the time and I was bored so I decided to go and work on a quickie in my room. I loaded up one of my favorite sites and through some searching I found a few videos that looked good. I watched a few, (skipping to the good parts.) I eventually came across a video of a man wetting himself. I was hesitant at first, seeing as I didn't usually watch any porn with men in it unless it was some dude having sex with some girl. Never a video with just a dude doing some kinky shit. I loaded it up out of pure curiosity. I wanted to see how different it would or could be from a girl wetting herself. The video was short but it was cool seeing how much the guy seemed to enjoy the experience.

Seeing that guy wet himself made me realize that I could do that. I could try to make myself feel the pleasures of wetting oneself. Plus, it was a good way to see if I even liked the new fetish or if it was just curiosity keeping me warching.

I was worried about being caught but I decided I would do what all teens do to avoid getting into trouble. Hide the evidence and wait till the perfect time to retrieve it. I didn't go all crazy though. I made a solid plan. I knew it would work because I knew my parents would be out later that day. So I purposeless held off going to the bathroom. I gathered some towels and left them in my room. After that it was just a waiting game until everyone was gone.

When my parents were gone it was time for action. I laid the towels down in a pile so that nothing would get on the carpet in my room. I laid on top of the towels with my crotch in the center of the pile. I was fully clothed in jeans, t-shirt, underwear, and socks. I never really thought about how I was going to do it. At that point I wasn't ever sure I could do it. It felt wrong and that feeling prevented me from even wanting to do it. Coupled with the fear of getting into trouble really put me on the spot. I had a really full bladder at that point and I needed to decided on something soon. I had to conscience myself that I wanted to do it. When I was finally convinced my attention was only spilt between a full bladder and how to preform the act. I eventually came up with the simple idea of just laying flat on my back and raising my feet in the air. This way I would get the full experience of wetting myself, feeling it roll down my body, and control where it goes.

I laid on my back and put my legs straight up. My bladder was full but it still resisted. It took a few minutes of relaxing my body and saying in my head that it was okay. Eventually the first couple of spurts came out and that's all the inspiration the rest needed. The flow started slow and mostly soaked my underwear until they were useless in holding it all in. My pee started to flow out of my underwear and onto my thighs and legs. My piss picked up speed as more and more of it came out of me me. It rolled down my body and onto the towels under me. It was warm and relaxing. I was surprised how comfortable I was doing this. It dint gross me out or anything. Just warmth.

When it was all said and done I had to jump into the shower.

That was my first and only experience of wetting myself. It was also the day i knew this wonderful world was my new fetish. Just like others in any fetish I am picky about what I like. I wouldn't say wetting myself was a huge turn on but I do love watching women do it.

I'm sorry that this was so long. I tried to be the least descriptive I could, while still telling a good story.

