Friend couldn't hold it

Author: pi-ssyboy

*000*2019-05-31 08:47

My first real post here, so I hope you enjoy it!

I was on my way somewhere with a friend as we were getting ready to spend the day together. She was driving us and the place was about an hour away from my house. On the way there, she told me a story about how she got stuck in traffic on the way to work and had to piss very badly. Instead of waiting until she could find somewhere to go, she just wet herself in her car and then stopped at Target before work and bought new pants.

After awhile of driving, she looks at me and says, "Oh, I have to piss." So I said, "Okay, let's stop somewhere." She gets off the next exit. She's squirming in the driver's seat. She makes a joke about how she should just wet herself like she did that one day. I laugh.

We pull up to a gas station and I'm like, well I could use a drink so I'll go in too. She couldn't wait and RUNS out of her car. I'm laughing because I'm like, why didn't you go before we left if you had to go THIS bad??? Well, by the time I get out of the car she's already running back out. I'm confused. She yells, "there's no bathroom! Don't leave me! I"m gonna piss behind my car!"

I think she's joking and I laugh, but I turn to her because I assume she's gonna get back in the car to go somewhere else... nope! When I turn around, she's got her pants down and she's relieving herself by the back tire of her car. There's a solid stream shooting on the ground. I'm kinda panicking because I'm not sure if I should try to cover her or not, but I try my best to shield her without seeming like I'm staring at her piss. It seems to go on forever, and it's running down the pavement. She finishes after a full minute, at least, of pissing, and then looks up at me, pants still down, still squatting and tells me she's not sure what to do now.

In the end, she opened her car door and grabbed an old work shirt from her backseat and wiped with that, then threw it over the piss and we left the gas station.

It was a very wild experience, but one I thought y'all would enjoy hearing about.

*002*2019-06-01 01:13

{{6 hours ago, GreenChile said:

Great story, now what's the story about "that one day" 🤔

}}

Lol, the story she told me about how she wet herself on her way to work. We work together so she was telling me how she was so afraid of being late she just wet herself, but realized she fucked up when she had to stop for clothes... she actually called our manager and said "I uh, peed my pants..." and he said, "I hope you're joking." Her response? "I'm really not."

Edit: it was actually really hot to hear her talk about it tbh. She had to go so bad that she just went in the car.

*005*2019-06-07 01:31

Thanks guys!

