My movie theatre accident...

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-12-05 11:30

Before I tell my story is just like to say, I don't like damaging public property with my wetting but sometimes accidents happen...

So, on Monday my friends and I decided to go shopping, we got all dressed up, I wore a skirt like I normally do. We were walking around, we ate food, we got iced tea, it was a nice day. Eventually my friends headed home but I had to wait for my roommate to finish work as she was my ride home, she didn't finish for another three or so hours so I decided to see a film to pass the time. I didn't have any specific movie in mind I just chose whatever was on next, it ended up being 'Knives out' which was an AMAZING film.

I walked into the cinema and it was quite empty as it was the middle of the day, I was seated in the back row with no one in my row or the three rows in front of me. The cinemas had been recently updated to the seats were nice new plush leather recliners, which were very comfortable. About 30 minutes into the movie I noticed that the iced tea I had earlier and the jumbo coke I was drinking was starting to tug on my bladder... I figured it would be fine as I'm pretty good at holding and I'd peed before I went into the theatre. After another half an hour I was getting a little desperate, my bladder was filling rapidly but I was okay, only a little squirmy, and the movie was really starting to heat up, since I was alone if I left I'd have no idea what I missed. This was one of those movies that you need to be there for every moment otherwise the ending might not make sense as things are being revealed in non obvious ways.

I eventually started gripping at my crotch through my short skirt, and I new I really had to go. I was about to get up when I leaked, a large stream of pee shot right into the leather seat. I realised I'd left it too long and I wouldn't be able to make it to the toilet without peeing myself. I didn't know what to do and I tried to hold it more but I kept leaking, my seat was becoming quite wet, a puddle was forming around my bum making my panties very wet.

I tried to hold on but after another 20 minutes my bladder was exhausted and I started to pee... Very loudly into my seat. I realised I had to be quite so I shuffled to the edge of my now drenched seat and peed over the edge onto the carpeted floor. It felt so good to release after holding for so long.

I then went back to sitting in my puddle.... I had to admit it but it turned me on a bit. I tried to clean it up once the movie was done but I wasn't very successful. My puddle was very warm though

Follow my twitter for more Omo and non Omo content @bbybitxh6

*006*2019-12-05 22:19

{{43 minutes ago, DiaperedGuy said:

That’s why I usually wear as diaper to the movies. Lol.

}}

Wish I had diapers to wear tbh

*019*2019-12-08 01:42

I felt really bad about the seat! I genuinely didn't mean to do it as I stated at the start of the story, and yes I cleaned the chair to the best of my ability. It was relatively late so I'm not sure if there would have been another showing in the cinema

*021*2019-12-08 02:27

{{1 minute ago, cjm3rcl1n3 said:

Hope you don't mind, but I'm now following you, lol. So hawt!

}}

Of course I don't mind!! Thanks for the follow

