Just feeling naughty

Author: PrincessPEEach

*000*2021-09-14 22:48

Been into trying to hold it back with my hands lately. Totally fantasizing about playing with a partner who’s into this and would want to help me hold it….and who woukdnt mind very wet hands when it failed 

But anyway, alone as always, I just couldn’t resist. I honestly intended to just leak a little bit, but I really got into it. So of course I couldn’t stop even when it was gushing out of my hands and splashing all over.. ooops

The best thing about these pants is they really hide the wet. I’ll have to keep that in mind for when I have more time to play!!

$$

FullSizeRender.mov

*005*2021-09-15 01:20

Hehe…ya I got a bit carried away

But it was soooooo good

*010*2021-09-23 01:14

{{15 hours ago, willbill said:

Just saw this now... Very nice to look at and watch!!

Also, I completely can't help it in wondering a couple things... Did you start to leak on purpose or were you starting to be unable to hold it in any longer? If on purpose, could you have held it much longer if you wanted?

}}

Ya, it was totally on purpose. I could have held for ages longer.

*014*2021-09-24 00:00

{{9 hours ago, Omosashi said:

Do you mean only using hands to grab yourself while you hold it, not allowed to do anything else?

Also it's a fantasy of mine to use my hand(s) to help a girl hold it among other things while it's there and she's nice and full

"Ages longer"? How full were you, then? Were you at least over 100% capacity desperate and just trying to make some room?

}}

Mmmm ya, total fantasy of mine too, other things included

But sorry if this spoils your fantasy, I was squirmy, but I could easily have held it hours longer, no hands needed. It’s a bit of a curse at times, having a strong, big bladder. I play for fun, not out of necessity.

*016*2021-09-24 10:26

{{23 minutes ago, willbill said:

With that, I take it that you don't have many instances where you urgently or suddenly have go, where you have to do everything possible to hold it? Lol

}}

Well I mean there have been a few times, but not too often, no. If I get that way it’s usually pretty intentional.

