Long time, no pee: My experience with the Extreme Desperation Pee Challenge

Author: PNW_bruh1994

*000*2021-11-09 09:56

Like many of us on here, I have a girlfriend who doesn’t seem all that interested in omo. I’ve told her that she doesn’t have to do anything that she isn’t up for. However, this doesn’t mean that I indulge in omo from time to time. Tonight was one of those nights.

For two weeks, my girlfriend is off housesitting for a family friend, leaving me to live the bachelor life in our apartment. We say our goodbyes, as we decided that I’d come see her in a couple of days, as I had to work. While it bites to be apart for that long, I began to entertain the exciting thought of desperately holding in my pee until I lose control.

Before we get into those details, there’s something you should know about me. I struggle with pee-shyness. Ever since I was a teenager, for some reason I lock up when I need to use the restroom. Even restrooms that are single-user, I can lock up. Airplanes can be the worst. Nothing like not being able to pee at the airport before boarding, on the plane, or after you land. Suffice to say, I have plenty of experience with holding copious amounts of pee for long periods of time. Because of that, I don’t ever just lose control. Usually it’s like a spurt here or there, some drops on my underwear, but never a full-on, can’t-hold-back, there’s-no-stopping release. I came to the closest I’ve ever been to an uncontrollable release with this hold.

I started off my hold with a search on OmoOrg, and came across a Milovana Extreme Desperation Pee Challenge (https://milovana.com/webteases/showtease.php?id=35118

). I’ll try anything at least once, so off I went. While eating dinner, I had a pint glass of water (16 oz.) and already felt a slight need to pee, a 2/10 at most. At 9:50pm, the challenge begins. I grab one of my smaller glasses out of the cupboard and chug a full glass.

At first, the challenges are easy enough. Stand still with your legs spread, sit with your knees to your chest, do situps…all those are easy, at least in the beginning. As the glasses of water add up, the challenges intensify. Once I hit three glasses, it was time to change into my tightest pants. I grab a pair of jeans that while they aren’t skinny jeans by design, they look the part on me. I wince as I button them up, placing more pressure on my full bladder. At this point, I’m about 45 minutes in and between a 5/10 and a 6/10.

Cups 4 and 5 snuck up on me. All of a sudden, I can feel my bladder becoming rock hard during my situps, the pressure building as my kidneys catch up to the cups of water. It becomes harder to resist when the bot allows for a few spurts. At first, I’d have to push to get a spurt out, now I’m fighting to hold on. After cup 6, the bot instructed me to lay on my stomach and arch my back, putting all the pressure on my bladder. Rocking back and forth on my ever-filling bladder, a few drips came out. The tip of my penis was wet with what was probably a mix of precum from being turned on and the little dribbles here and there of pee making their way out. I was sitting at an 8/10 at this point.

Cups 7 and 8 were where I met my demise. After all, I had close to 2.5 liters of water in me. It was inevitable that I would have to pee, either under my own volition or uncontrollably. Standing still was impossible. When the bot would give me breaks, I squirmed and danced from one foot to another, the feeling of my now bursting bladder the only thing I can think of. I took deep breaths, trying to keep my composure. “I’m so fucking full, but I can handle this,” I naïvely thought. That was until the bot decided to give me what was the cruelest challenge of them all – hold my pee while on the toilet with no pants for 60 seconds.

Walking to the bathroom itself was a challenge. I couldn’t walk normally with this balloon of a bladder holding everything back. The toilet being a place of relief, my bladder cried out for sweet release, but I held on. 60, 59, 58…a wave of urgency hits…47, 46, 44…it feels as if the bottom of my pelvis is about to fall out from beneath me…30, 29, 28…my penis is erect, signaling my nearing of the end…3, 2, 1. Somehow, I didn’t leak, but it took me a second to gain my composure to head back out for what would be my last time before that sweet release. I’m at a 9/10 at this point. I can feel the small drops leaking from my urethra. I can’t stand still and begin to pace and bounce back and forth.

The bot hands down its last couple of commands for me. Remove my pajama pants, which I eagerly comply. I do ten situps, more drips result. The last thing that got me was Cup 8. Filling up the cup while standing still, my bladder pressed down on my sphincter, begging for mercy. I downed the glass, feeling the sensation of the cold water entering my stomach and seemingly flowing directly into my bladder. This was all I could take; a spurt came out of me large enough to signal that it’s time to go.

I grab onto my penis and make the move from the kitchen to the bathroom, where cleanup would be much easier if necessary. I rush to the toilet, release my death grip on my penis while simultaneously lifting the toilet seat. I have no time to aim as the pee gushes out of me. It was probably the most relief I’ve ever felt from peeing. A minute and a half of a torrent of pee rushed through my penis, not all of it making it into the bowl. Once I was done, I let out an audible sigh of relief. 11:50pm. Two hours, over 2 liters of water...the hold was over.

I’ve had to pee now twice after this in the last hour and a half. In the time it took me to write this post, I filled up again, almost without warning. I made a beeline for the bathroom and tried to sit on the toilet and count down from 60. At about 30, I couldn’t take it anymore. I let go, my bladder releasing another torrent of pee into the toilet. Sweet, sweet relief.

That’s all for now. I hope to add more stories of my omo antics. Let me know what you think!

