Bedwetting pads - are they effective?

Author: paardenbloem

*000*2022-11-24 18:11

Recently I bought some goodnites-brand disposable bed mats intended to protect against bedwetting (frankly to me they just look like puppy pee pads with Goodnites branding, no idea if there's a significant difference).

Over the past couple weeks I "tested" a couple of them by just peeing on them directly, and they seem to be able to absorb quite a lot. So, a few mornings ago, I decided to a full (purposeful) bedwetting and see how they do.

I put on a pull-up, laid down, tried to relax, and after about 5 minutes was able to let it flow-- I was a bedwetter up until almost my teens, but the subconscious conditioning is pretty strong against going in bed at this point... I've tried a few times in the past, and this was the first time I've really succeeded fully. At first it was just some forced spurts, but once the floodgates opened I was truly able to wet myself fully.

Unfortunately I succeeded a bit too well-- I was laying on my side, which rendered the generic pull-up pretty ineffective and made it a true bed-wetting experience. This was honestly kind of nostalgic for me, bringing back a feeling I hadn't experienced in a long time (with the added charge of being awake and having done it purposefully). Unfortunately, the pee also overflowed the bedwetting pad and left a sizeable wet spot on my mattress - more cleanup than I had bargained for 😕

My next plan is to try two of them, covering a larger area of the bed. The pee seemed to really want to spread upwards rather than down, which surprised me? My shirt ended up getting pretty wet too. The issue is, how I'm nervous about having to clean my mattress again, which isn't what I wanted out of this whole exploration.

I'm curious if anyone else has had any experience with these bed mats, or competing ones, and if there are any strategies to maximize their effectiveness? From a noise & cleanup perspective I'd much prefer something like this, rather than a plastic sheet or the like. Maybe I need to get more effective pullups/diapers, but frankly some leakage is a big part of the appeal for me.

*004*2022-12-06 07:38

Thank you all for the input! I may start shopping around for an unobtrusive mattress cover here pretty soon.

*008*2022-12-09 08:34

Honestly that sounds great to me, I'd definitely like the link just to look into them. Do you just throw them in the washing machine or do you have to hand wash them? If they're machine washable then reusable sounds ideal - saves a lot of money in the long run!

