Great Story From Alt.com

Author: Plug

*000*2010-12-04 10:34

Hey I am new here and this will be my first post...woot, woot!

The story I am posting seems real enough and did wonders turning me on!

Involves female desperation, omorashi, wetting, bedwetting, and other awesome tidbits.

The story I found at ALT.com below...ENJOY :)

I discovered where my real desires, curiosities, fantasies, and enticements lie completely by accident. But because my first taste of my new-found sexual and even dating and romantic interests was so spontaneous, that makes it, and the ways I felt and feel about these desires, completely true and unwavering. However, since this can be so embarrassing, Ive gone about exploring this side of me in a much more conservative and guarded manner than I normally investigate matters. I knew I had found my niche, and nothing vanilla could possibly hold my interest for any length of time anymore. But at the same time, this could not possibly be the only aspect of any future relationships; I am a real woman, not a computer match, and will treat my partner(s) the way I am treated, with appropriate accommodation for such an unusual way of life, and expect nothing less.

Part I: Coffee and the Flat Tire

I had spent about 2 hours drinking about 6 cups of coffee at a diner my sophomore year of college. I was studying with my best friend, as well as my girlfriend. About one-third of the way home, my front drivers side tire blew out, and I had to change a flat for the first time in my life. Nobody had ever even shown me what to doI was completely at the mercy of trial and error, left to fend for myself. I'd say if I had known what I was doing, and, other circumstances were normal (ie: not having drank ridiculous amounts of coffee in such a short time), it would have taken me about 20 minutes. However, these weren't normal circumstances. I had to spend about ten minutes finding the jack, and another ten trying to figure out how to get it to raise the car without denting or breaking anything, including myself. I was squatting the entire time in a pair of jeans that were rather snug all over, and especially about the waist.

After I finally got the car jacked up, I could tell that all the squatting on the side of the road was affecting me, what with all the coffee I had drank. My jeans werent helping either, and the urge to pee really started to get to me. But I figured I could hold it. Ultimately, though, I had to push extra hard on the lug wrench to loosen the bolts, and that exertion while squatting was all it took. I began to feel a dampness in my panties as I fought for control. But at the push I gave the second blot, all control of my bladder just completely left, and I began peeing in my jeans right there on the side of the road. I couldn't do anything to make it stop.

I tried to squeeze my legs together, held myself down there, sucked in my muscles around my tummy and bladder, tried standing up and walking around; I even thought about dropping my jeans and panties right there in the street. Luckily I didn't, since a cop happened to drive by a couple moments later. I still had to finish changing the tire where everyone driving by could see me. Some people shouted, pointed, and laughed as they drove by; the puddle growing all around meit was a dry week, and it was obvious where it came from. The crotch and legs of my light-colored jeans became completely soaked, and my short tee-shirt did nothing to hide the mess I made. My pants began to drip and even got my socks and shoes wet. It didn't let up till I got homeeven when I was done with the tire and sitting back down in my car, I continued to wet myself uncontrollably. There was a big wet spot on my car seat by the time I finally arrived at my dorm.

But before I was safely in the sanctity of my room, wanting nothing more than to take off my dirty clothes and shower, I had to drive home with my friends in the car. My girlfriend and my best friend were outright laughing at me and saying things to the effect that if I couldnt even think enough to use the bathroom before I left the restaurant, I should be in diapers. I knew that they would enjoy sharing this story with other close friends of ours, and I was not looking forward to the ridicule I expected from a group of angry, and sometimes creul, theatre techies.

I finally found a parking space, but it was a three-block walk from where I parked to where my building was located. My friends were completely without mercy, making fun of me as loudly as they could, so everyone within earshot knew I had wet my pants. I fought back tears and stayed quiet. It made me wet, though, and I began to throb and ache in my pussy, unsure why I was getting so aroused. The entire walk from my car to my building was completely humiliating; anyone who could see me was snickering, pointing, laughing, and yelling humiliating insults at me. 

I felt humiliated, ashamed, dirty, and just naughty, like I was a bad little girl who had wet herself on purpose for attention. I felt so pathetic because I peed in my pants. I couldn't even wait 30 min. to get to a bathroom, or at least find a secluded place to pull down my pants, and I was 21! That is something I hadn't done since I was 2 years old, for Christs sake! I hadn't even wet the bed since I was three, and here I was, having lost all control for the first time in 19 years in public, for all the world to see.

Once home, I had to walk past the doorman and the security guard and to get to the elevator. My friends, as well as three other residents I knew, were in the elevator. The teasing didnt give up in the least. This time the comments and name-calling were fueled by the three others, with help from my friends. It had intensified; I knew the whole dorm would know soon enough through the inevitable circulating of rumors. My friends and the acquaintances in the elevator could do nothing but crack jokes at me the entire way to the tenth floor, which was my stop.

Unfortunately, I had broken the seal, and after we reached the third floor, I had to pee really bad again. I tried to just shift my weight, but, since I had already broken the seal, that didn't work, so I tried to hold myself. I was finally doing a pee-pee dance around the fourth or fifth floor when I started to feel fresh streams of warmth running into my now-cold jeans, through my hands, and down my legs to my ankles; it formed a puddle on the elevator floor. By the eighth floor, there was a noticeable pool in which I was standing.

My face became red with even more shame, but it was again a strange shame, like it didn't feel all that bad really; I rather liked what I was feeling. I was totally embarrassed and I started to feel like I was a very naughty, dirty girl. But that thought made me begin to rub myself through my wet jeans and soaking panties. Urine was still leaking out of me, making me feel really hot and achy; I was desperate for release, despite the embarrassment and disgust coursing through me at my infantile behavior.

I began to get really turned on, and began to breathe heavily. My roommate, who was also my girlfriend at the time, looked at me with an expression crossed between amusement, arousal, and disgust plastered on her face. She decided (probably after seeing the ashamed arousal on my face) to point out what a dirty, naughty, disgusting baby I was. She said this not only to the entire elevator in general, but also to our friend Smitty, who was sometimes a friend we hooked up with, on certain (usually drunken) occasions. She said I might as well be kept in diapers if I was going to behave in such a way and pee myself all the time, just like a little baby. That way I wouldnt be so filthy, so dirty, so naughty.

The idea of being punished with a diaper made me even more turned on, and by then I kept releasing my bladder simply because I liked the feeling I got from the reaction of others. I also liked the knowledge and feeling of having no control over what was happening to my body.

When my floor was finally upon us, I waddled down our room, and Lizzie immediately pushed me into the bathroom and told me to strip. She made me shower, but didnt help, just told me that I couldnt come out till I could control myself. I took a shower, and masturbated till I came, the words and ridicule, the shame and feeling of being dirty, naughty taking me over the edge in a matter of moments. And when I did cum, I started peeing uncontrollably once again. That was the first time I ever lost my bladder during an orgasm, and it was amazing.

Unfortunately, my girlfriend didn't make good on her promise to diaper me, and we never spoke of that incident again. She was the first one who introduced me to BDSM, but she was a sub through and through, and I never got to act out anything like what had happened to me on accident in my sophomore year of college. But I never forgot about it, either.

Over the next couple of months, my disease started to really come out, and my girlfriend began to take care of me. She would wake me up when I had nightmares, and tell me stories to help me go to sleep. We got some bottles, and she would fix warm milk in them for me, and gave me a pacifier to suck on. I would fall asleep each night suckling on her nipples, and usually wake up that way, too, with her fondling herself and calling me a good baby. I would keep suckling until she came, and, even then, rarely stopped. She would do my hair up in double French braids, brush my hair, and the like.

The one time I broached the subject that it was hard sometimes for me to keep from wetting myself after an orgasm, she simply said that its that way with a lot of women, and I had just better learn to control it, thats all there was to it. I never had another accident in front of her after the initial one with the car.

However, I would sometimes force myself to not use the restroom until I started to leak, and would run to the bathroom where my bladder would automatically release all over. I would play with myself through my wet jeans and panties. It was always a quick, hard orgasm that way, but I had already been told that that was unacceptable to my girlfriend, so I kept it to myself.

Once college was over, I moved to San Francisco, where I met a man, Rob, (he was 41I was 24) and we became involved. The sex with him was always hard and fast, making me cum to the point where I had absolutely no control over any part of my body. I would always pee during orgasms, not because I wanted to, or because he wanted me to. I just had absolutely no control over my body or its functions. A couple of times I even pooped, I lost such control and was so completely consumed by my orgasms. (Do you see why I only date older men now? The only people who have made me cum so completely were all older menand they didnt seem to mind the fact that the made me lose control so completelyif anything, they liked it.)

Rob and I never broached the subject of my losing control of my bodily functions, but I secretly loved the feeling of having no control. Unfortunately, before any next step could be taken (such as accidents in public, or diapering), I moved to LA, where I lived with my grandmother, and I didnt have a boyfriend or girlfriend that I could continue this with. Although while there, I did start wetting my bed on occasion. It started out by me waking up and just barely making it to the bathroom, and then progressed to the point where I would start to pee in my pants on the way to the bathroom.

One night, I didnt wake up till I had already started wetting, and, since I was living with others, and since I couldnt stop myself from wetting, I had no choice but to wait in bed, feeling the pee leave my body uncontrollably. This started happening more frequently, until every time I woke up in the middle of the night it was already too late to make it to the bathroom. I loved the feeling of waking up in the middle of the night in the middle of wetting my bed, and would touch myself while I was peeing. I would wake up throbbing and aching, and always got myself off. The feelings of shame, being a dirty little girl, and lack of control just made me so aroused that all I had to do was feel the warmth on my hand and rub myself a little bit, and I was over the edge.

This ultimately progressed to me wetting the bed without waking up until I was done wetting, which made me feel like a little girl, a naughty little girl. I began sleeping through the night, waking up wet every so often in the morning, aching and throbbing to touch myself. But then I moved to Chicago, and had to sleep on my moms couch for a while, and the wetting stopped completely, since I had no privacy. The couch was also quite uncomfortable, which made me sleep very lightly, which was probably a good thing. But I missed wetting immensely.

When I moved back to Washington, I was living alone for the first time in my life. I began exploring online, and found that there were actually people like me, and people who were attracted to people like me, too. Not long after I found that there were adults who wore diapers because they enjoyed it, I wanted to try it. The first night after I found this out, I began almost wetting the bed again. That quickly progressed to the waking while wetting, and finally into full-fledged wetting the bed again. But I didnt know where or how to get diapers yet, so I kept my wetting to myself, and never in public (except once driving home from the grocery store, and, while I was turned on, I was also too ashamed after going into my apartment building to enjoy it).

I met one man through alt.com, and agreed to meet him. I had to drive up near Annapolis, and had quite a bit of water on the way. I had an accident in the car, and had to walk into the hotel (where I was meeting him) with obvious wet marks all over my jeans. It was the first time I was meeting this guy, and I had already had an accident, in public, no less. I was quite nervous, though, and being wet didnt help.

The encounter with him was uncomfortableI didnt want to be treated completely like a baby, and I was, down to a bottle of milk and watching cartoons (which I hate). He even tried to get me to take a nap. Its hard enough for me to sleep as it is (normally I get 5-7 hours with sleeping pills if Im lucky, and 1-3 hrs. if Im not). In the middle of the day it simply wouldnt happen. I decided that I dont identify as an adult baby; instead I would say I love being diapered, both in public and private, and using my diaper whenever I need to, regardless of where I am.

I also enjoy having accidents, especially when Im out in public. I think I would love to be forced to drink a lot and not allowed to use a restroom despite any pleas, so the accidents are completely out of my control and I cant do anything to stop them, where anyone can see me being a dirty girl. I want to be punished for my naughty and dirty behavior after an accident, especially in public (for example, being scolded rather loudly and then being diapered out in the open). I think Id enjoy spanking, various forms of humiliation, bondage until I wet myself, and sensory deprivation (blindfolds and earplugs) as punishments.

This next part was written when I had a guy who would send me diapers whenever I needed them.although I did enjoy it, Im not sure I want to be that dependent on them again

Now, Im hooked on diapers. I got so used to them that I wet myself almost unconsciously. I tried to not wear them when I work, but after a few times when Ive had small accidents. They were noticeable on my jeans, but nothing like a puddle or complete loss of control, at least not till I actually was outside the theatre, where Id sometimes lose it on the way to my car, or in the car. I decided to wear pull-ups to work, just in case. But I dont like how they feeltheyre not snug, and if I have a real accident, they leak a lot. When Im not working and am at home, I can usually get by without a diaper (at least, while Im awake), which saves on cost. 

And if I do have an accident at home, I have hardwood and tile floors, which is easy to clean. And once I feel the dampness in my panties or shorts I run straight to the potty, and rarely ever make a huge mess. At least I dont make a big mess on the floor and/or furniture. But when I try to go out without a diaper, theres not always a bathroom available to run to, and Ive had many accidents walking home or to the store, so I try to wear diapers whenever I leave my apartment. But I dont always have them, and Ive had a few incidents where Ive peed all over myself and had to walk up to a mile home with people looking at me, pointing, laughing, and ridiculing. And then I get home and start to touch myself, and it feels so good

I guess what I want is just to have someone to share this with, to treat me like an adult most of the time, but also to take control (ie: make me ask permission to use the restroom, deny me such use, etc.) This person would punish me when Ive been bad both in public and private; but still reward me when Ive been good.

Thats the story of how I got to where I am now.

Courtney

