Desperation experience with a friend of mine

Author: peeurpants4me

*000*2020-10-16 02:49

This isn't particularly exciting, just desperation, but it was still a guiltily good part of my day, so I thought I would share it.

Today I was hanging out with some friends, one of them is a girl, very attractive in my opinion. She is about 5'10" or so, very cute figure, cute bum and good size chest (not that I'm much of a boob guy lol). She is white with brown hair, nerdy glasses, too.

Anyway so we were at a park just chilling and she had gone to the bathroom before hand, so I didn't really think anything would happen. We went and ate lunch and after this we were wandering around a nearby dollar store, as you would expect a group of dumb college kids to do lol. Just checking out the halloween stuff. I happened to be hanging around this aforementioned friend a bit more, because she was looking for a mask to go with her halloween costume, and she wanted my opinion. The other guys went to look at other things in the store.

She had mentioned that she needed to pee before, but now for some reason, even though it was only like an hour since she went last, she started getting really anxious to go. She kept telling me how she had to go now and that it was starting to hurt, crossing her legs, the works. Of course as a friend I would never try to stall and make her wet herself or something like that, but nonetheless it was still exciting. I had to hide it though, she knows about my piss kink and she was teasing me about it :P. We were standing in line to check out and she was getting increasingly more desperate, and I kept trying not to make it too obvious but I was clearly enjoying it too much lol.

I walked her back to my car, it was raining so the rest of friends waited in the store for me to drive up. She was teasing me saying she had to go so bad she might pee in my car. I told her not to do that, and truly I would have been pretty upset if she did, but also it would have been way too exciting. We drove back to the park from earlier and she lives near here so she went home to go to the bathroom. I must say it was a guilty sight seeing her run home to finally go pee.

Overall it's nothing too over the top but it was exciting for me especially because she is a close friend, something about it being someone you know makes it so much more exciting, and yet it also makes me feel more guilty for even thinking about it. Either way, I hope you enjoyed reading about it, maybe you have a similar underwhelming but exciting experience to share too.

*002*2020-10-16 14:53

{{7 hours ago, ssjammerz said:

Nice story! Even nicer that your friend knows about your kink. How did you go about telling her and what was her initial reaction? I've been very careful in opening up lately. Would like to see some success stories to boost my confidence!

}}

I don't remember the exact contexts, but due to how close we are we've shared a lot of our sexual experiences with other people, like I kinda know to what extent she's gone with her boyfriend and same for her with my ex. She knew I had a weird fetish and eventually curiosity got the better of her and I just decided to tell her. Initially she reacted that it's gross and she wouldn't want to do it, but she admitted that if it was her boyfriend and they'd been together for a while she might consider it. Either way it's not really an important detail that she knows, it's just cause she was teasing me about it it was kind of funny.

