Brainwashed my bf into liking pee stuff?

Author: Polianova

*000*2024-04-08 17:47

I realized I may have conditionned my boyfriend into liking some omo stuff. Let me explain.

We are really compatible sexually and have been talking about our fantasies a few times since we started dating, but I didn't tell him about omo yet. I don't think he would be so upset about the whole thing but I want to keep that for later. For more context, we know each other for a long time, and started dating only two years ago : until then, he was convinced I was a cute, innocent girl and I didn't think he was such a freak in bed (and that's a compliment ahah). We were positively surprise to see how compatible we were sexually.

Anyway, we have a lot of fun and I took the bad habit of piss-blocking him whenever I have a chance and it usually leads to sex with him having to pee badly. He doesn't know how sexy he is hihi.

We also found out he could make me squirt easily whenever I had a full bladder during sex, so I obviously use it at my advantage to hold my pee and making him horny with it.

What strikes me is that I may have done a better job than I thought. Last day, we were chilling on our couch, watching tv, and I said lazily "I'm gonna go pee". I really had NO particular intent at that time, I just needed to pee and was going to use the bathroom. But he said : "Really ?" And I knew what he wanted to do. Only problem was that I was getting pretty desperate, more than what I'm used to when I hold for sex, also we just had finished doing the laundry and I didn't want to make a mess. I stood up anyway and started heading to the toilet.

He went after me and closed the bathroom's door when I started opening it. A quick check and I realized how hard he was already. "You don't want me to pee ?" I asked innocently. "No", he growled. "But I really have to... I don't want to pee on you." "You'll have to hold it like a good girl."

He fucked me so hard and it was so good with my full bladder; I didn't pee on him but squirted so much we were drenched in the end. I still can't believe he got turned on just by me saying I was going to the bathroom. He either likes omo without knowing or I really trained him better than I thought 🙊🙈

*002*2024-04-09 06:31

{{8 hours ago, Markwetter said:

I don't know whether to be jealous or turned on.

Either you trained him good or you're confess your dirty secret to him, he'll laugh and say me too, I was also too shy/embarrassed/whatever to tell you.

}}

I don't think he knows about omo at all, I've tried to see how he would react when I say I'm desperate outside and can't because no bathroom etc, and he never really seemed interested before. He actually never seemed to be turned on by the fact I was holding, he would get hard because I teased him, but me alone saying "I need to pee" didn't seem to get his attention... until last night, I really didn't do anything except saying I would go to the bathroom, and it was enough! Which is why I thought "wow, did I just train him that well?" 😂

I could be wrong and he could be very good at hiding it and we will have a whole new world to discover together when I'll confess 🙈

I don't know if the fact he loves to see me squirt could be any indicator? I told him when it happened for the first time "I swear it's not pee!" because I was afraid he would be disgusted, but he did say that he wouldn't care even if it was pee.

But then, when we go to the bathroom after sex, I said once we could pee together (me sitting and him standing in front of me, pissing in the bowl between my thighs). He said he didn't want to make me dirty and when I insisted saying I didn't care and that I would shower after anyway, he still declined the offer. So yeah, I don't know 🤷🏻‍♀️

Anyway, I'll post more if he happens to act suspiciously again... And if I ever get my answer 🤭

*004*2024-04-10 06:12

Well I'm probably not going to try to thoroughly condition him, as it's morally questionable as you say, and also because I don't think I'd need to. Knowing him and how he reacted to some things I wanted to try before (like soft sub/dom dynamics, roleplay and other stuff), I believe he would indulge in some omo fantasies. He would probably refuse to get desperate or wet himself but I think I could get him to "omo dirty talk" me and he would surely enjoy my desperation (not sure about the wetting though).

I need to try some things but I will take it slowly : omorashi has always been a lonely pleasure, I've never shared it with anyone before, and I'm not even sure how to incorporate this fetish when having sex with my partner.

{{On 4/9/2024 at 9:22 AM, Markwetter said:

How do you react when he needs to pee?

And, yeah, I'm definitely jealous.

}}

Funny thing, he just came back from the big city, he had to travel for work, and he got home desperate after long hours in the train. He went to the bathroom almost immediately after coming home, saying he needed to pee. Of course I went after him, and he laughed when he saw me entering the bathroom with him, saying I wouldn't be able to piss-block him this time, because he needed to go real bad. He was right lol.

I admit I may not show my interest that much whenever I piss block him... Maybe I should try teasing him about his need and yet the fact he can't go 🤭

Also, I'm not sure if you're jealous of me for having such an amazing bf or jealous of him for having an omo interested gf, either way I take it as a compliment 😂

I'll try to update whenever I find out if he's one of us lol. May take some time though.

Thanks for your insight 🫶

