Had an accident during my test!

Author: pumpkinlove20

*000*2021-10-07 04:40

This legitimately happened to me a few days ago. I'm a 26 year old female, 5'0, and currently halfway through my master's program which I complete online. I had a huge, comprehensive exam a few days ago that I've been studying nonstop for and truly just losing my mind (it was 175 questions that were long/scenario-based and we had four hours to complete it). The morning of my exam, I was pounding coffee and water not thinking much of it. I was definitely taking MANY bathroom breaks so it should have been a cue to stop drinking so many liquids... but of course I just kept going. So it's finally time to take my exam, I take one last potty break and sit down to sign on.

Since my program is completed online, there is a third party company that signs on remotely to your desktop to make sure that you're not clicking on other tabs, there's no other display, etc. basically to stop you from cheating. They also watch you through a webcam the entire time to make sure you're not getting up or looking at your phone. I've taken several exams and so far have had no issues. This proctor in particular was having technical challenges and took FORTY MINUTES to get me signed onto my exam!!! At this point I was feeling fine, probably because my adrenaline was going as I was gearing up to take the exam. I finally get logged on, but around question 30 my bladder is already signaling for me to go pee. Of course I ignore it and keep going, I think "it'll be fine, I just need to get through this test and I'll be fine". It was not fine

My bladder was filling up FAST and it's starting to take my attention away from the test. I'm definitely getting worried, but I know I can't stop and have to finish. I start shifting around in my seat, squeezing my legs, tapping my fingers, literally anything to take the pressure off my bladder. Around question 100, it's becoming painful and I'm trying sooo hard not to have an accident. I'm holding myself at this point while reading my questions as fast as possible. At question 109, I leak a little into my panties to see if it will help and it doesn't, I'm just becoming more desperate. 

At question 112, a little more jets out... but I can't stop myself this time. My face is burning up, I'm literally feeling so embarrassed but I couldn't stop peeing no matter how hard I tried to hold myself. I just kept helplessly wetting myself until my pants were completely soaked and a puddle was on my floor. As soon as I finished my test, I cleaned myself up and couldn't believe I just had an actually real accident

Anyway, that's my story! Hope everyone enjoyed. And if anyone is wondering, I still passed my exam with the 2nd highest score in my cohort

