First time wetting the bed

Author: pianoboo

*000*2015-03-26 04:46

Hello all! I accidentally wet the bed for the first time this morning and I figured I'd share with you all!

Last night, before going to bed, I finished off a half-empty can of monster that I had been drinking earlier that day. I wasn't feeling any urges, and fell asleep almost immediately. I woke up very suddenly sometime around four in the morning with a sharp pain in my bladder. I groaned on the inside, and laid there, hoping I wouldn't have to get out of my warm, comfy bed to pee. After a minute or two, the urge went away, and I rolled back over to try and get a bit more sleep.

I re-awoke around seven this morning and had a panic attack, thinking that I had missed class (my first class of the day is at nine). Amidst my momentary panic, I forgot my bladder entirely. I reached for my phone, and unlocked it as quickly as I could. I saw the time and immediately relaxed, realizing that I was right on time, only a few minutes before my alarm was due to go off. As I relaxed, so did the muscles of my bladder.

I didn't realize what was happening immediately. I felt a hot sensation between my legs, and wondered why the dorm room was so hot. I flipped all of the blankets off, and realized that it was more than just the temperature of the room. I quickly shoved both hands over my crotch and squeezed my thighs together, but to no avail. The forceful stream of urine kept coming, barely even slowing down. I finally gave up trying to hold it back, and just let it all empty out, enjoying the feeling of relief combined with the feeling of the warm piss seeping up the back of my shirt and down my legs.

After all of the piss was finally out, I stood up to admire the considerable wet spot. A good two thirds of my sheet was wet, and my piss had soaked down into the mattress. I pulled the sheets off of the bed to wash later, and headed to the shower to get ready for my morning class.

*002*2015-03-26 21:57

No, no one found out. It was not necessarily something I was looking forward to either. In fact, I was hoping to avoid all forms of bed wetting, as it is rather difficult to clean without having properly protected/prepared beforehand.

*006*2015-03-28 16:50

I have only intentionally two or three times. the rest were quite by accident, under circumstances that I had no control over.

*008*2015-03-29 19:26

Not the bed, just my pants

*010*2015-03-31 00:32

No, I have only set myself up for an involuntary accident a few times. the majority of the time, ,my awful planning coincides with my roommates vacations to the bathroom or my lack of toilet nearby or some such. I just have the worst luck, but I end up enjoying it afterwards.

