I almost pissed my pants on a call with my best friend

Author: puddlesncuddle

*000*2020-01-04 09:28

Here’s something that happened to me a few months ago.

After high school one of my best friends moved to a college two states over while I stayed at home, and to keep in touch we like to chat over discord and play video games (lots of Stardew during that time.) It was a great way for me to de-stress and forget about all the worries from my life, even if it’s for a few hours before I had to go to bed.

Anyway, I like to have something to drink while I play. Not sure why, maybe because I don’t usually talk much during the day, so my voice isn’t used to prolonged use lol. Usually my beverage of choice was tea, I figured since it was warm it would relax my vocal chords and it was just something cozy to drink before bed.

A thing to know about me is that all caffeinated drinks go directly through me, especially tea. Which is a shame, since it’s my favorite hot drink next to apple cider.

Back to the story.

It’s just another night, he pings me and I respond with my usual “5 minutes” so I can get my tea ready. I pop my mug of water in the microwave, place my teabag in once it’s heated up, then hop on call with him.

The night is pretty uneventful, it’s the usual small talk of our day and whatever else, and I sip at my tea. Soon enough, though, I’m almost done with my cup and I’m starting to feel it in my bladder.

I’m at a solid 6 at that point. I remember it being semi early on in our call, maybe 2 hours in at most. My desperation is only on my mind about half of the time, and I just keep doing whatever I was doing in the game (probably mining, he was always asking me to go into the desert mines with him.)

It wasn’t a big enough deal to me, I just squirmed a bit while I played. Not a problem. Until it becomes one.

When it hit me it really hit me. A particularly painful wave of desperation washed over me and I had to let go of the mouse to hold myself for a second. I probably should’ve got off then, but I didn’t want to just leave, I was in the middle of doing something! I just squirmed in my seat a bit more, and held myself when I needed it.

I finally got to about an 8 ish. I had gotten dangerously close to leaking and I wasn’t really planning on pissing myself on call with my closest friend.

“Hey man, I’ll be right back.” I said, ready to go piss real quick and come back.

“Aww, c’mon! You promised you’d come with me to do this thing (I honestly forget what it was now).”

I did indeed promise him that I would do That Thing. So I sucked it up and go along with him. I was squeezing myself so often, but thankfully I just needed one hand to make it seem like I was still attentive and involved. We finally get the task done and I say that I was going to the bathroom.

“Hmm. No.” He says.

I just chuckle, and he makes some kind of joke. I go to take off my headphones when he pipes up again.

“Wait, we need to save.”

Shit, we did. It was getting late, and time doesn’t pause in Stardew when you play multiplayer, and if you stay up too late your character passes out and loses their energy for the next day. I was currently on the other side of the map selling stuff, but I didn’t want to pass out. So I suck it up once again and make my way to our farm.

I definitely whined and complained about how unfair he was being and how bad I had to go the whole 45 seconds it took, and he definitely made fun of me the whole time. It was kind of pathetic, but 100% a big joke. The whining on my end was only half a joke, though. I really had to go, and the caffeine stimulating my bladder wasn’t making it any better.

I had made it back in time to save, and that it it for me.

“Okay. Seriously, I gotta piss, I’ll be right back.”

“Laaaame.” He cried as I took off my headphones and rushed to the bathroom.

I had made it, and the relief and lightness from my bladder was so pleasant (as it always is). I come back, putting my headphones back on. I greet him to let him know I was there, and continue with the game.

“Piss your pants, piss-baby?” He asked. It kind of off put me in the moment but I honestly didn’t think too much about it since I was literally whining to him about having to piss like 2 minutes ago.

“Why, you into that?” I teased. He just laughed out a denial, and we went on our way.

Not really too crazy of a story, but a good one to think back on. Maybe he did seriously want me to piss myself on call, who knows??

*004*2020-01-05 05:36

{{5 hours ago, Squirtainly said:

My god, that's absolutely disgusting...

Who uses microwaved water in tea?

Sincerely,

An angry Brit

Seriously though, I loved the story. I'd sorta like to do that with my friends some time

}}

I do have to admit, I'm a nasty american who microwaves his tea because it's convenient lol. Thanks

*008*2020-01-08 01:54

{{2 hours ago, Bismiris said:

What do you like about Stardew? I got it a few days ago and can't help but feel lost as to what I'm even supposed to be doing.

}}

I like a lot for many reasons! It's a very simple game with pretty basic premises: farm, make money, repeat. It can get slow (especially in the beginning) but having someone else to play with me really got me into the game. Also lots of fishing.

Things you can do to make the game more fun:

1: Fish! It's difficult in the beginning, but that's what drew me towards it. It's also a fun way to pass the time in game if you have nothing to do while still making money.

2: Talk to the NPC's every day and try to remember to get them gifts.

3: Farm so much. Like as many seeds as possible at a time. The payoff of all the hard work is soooo satisfying.

4: Work on the community center! Once it's unlocked of course. It gives the game more of a purpose, has good rewards, and even unlocks places and advances the game

5: Mining. It's randomized so there's something different to explore and find every day.

Really, the first season is the hardest and the slowest. Once you get past that, stuff starts to pick up and there's lots to do. Just keep at it, and it starts to become fun!! ^-^

