My First Urinal Attempt!!

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-12-31 11:25

Heyyy everyone!!! It feels like it's been ages since I've written anything, but to make up for it, I have my crowning pee achievement so far!! I FINALLY ATTEMPTED A URINAL!!! I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed doing it (though I hope it's a bit less messy for you )!! Now that I've proofread everything, I recognize I may have gotten a little carried away in my excitement and may have written a little too much! If you're just here for the pee and don't want the background/buildup, skip right to paragraphs 8 and 9!

So, it was my birthday yesterday (technically, since it's the wee hours of the morning now) and I decided I was going to do something really awesome to celebrate the big 2.4. As it turns out, the surrounding circumstances were perfect. My parents live in another city pretty far away, but they like to have everybody back home for the holidays, which works out really nicely because I, in turn, get to have everybody around when I celebrate growing older. They don't have a super big place, but they invite a bunch of us, so many end up in a nearby hotel. I could've taken my childhood room, of course, but I like to have my own space at the end of the day (and who doesn't want free room service?), so I opted for the hotel and let someone else have my old room.

It was a full night of celebration with family, which was nice, but I knew in the back of my mind that I was going to do something...taboo...afterward, so I drank tons of water for the last few hours. Toward the end, I was going to the bathroom so much that my sister teased me, saying I must have a UTI or something. Little did she know what was really going on . To cut to the chase, it was about 1AM when we all went our separate ways to turn in for the night. Everybody else who was staying at the hotel had gone back around 11 to go to bed, so I didn't have to worry about an awkward encounter with a family member. I peed, like a normal good girl, in the toilet before I headed out, then hopped into my car and drove to the hotel, about 15 minutes away.

A few nights before, I scouted the place out to see what opportunities may be available. I was in luck. In a wing off of the lobby, there was a small bar/recreation room tucked away. It wasn't particularly crowded even during the day, so at night, it was always totally deserted. Drinks always equate to urination, so there were two nearby bathrooms: A women's room and, more importantly, a men's room.

I was already surging with excitement by the time I pulled into the parking lot. I pulled my keys out of the ignition and dropped them. When I leaned over the pick them up, I noted that my hands were trembling as a result of both the cold and my adrenaline. I drank sufficiently enough to have a mild urge to pee from just the brief trip over, but I wanted to let it build a bit before committing. First, I went up to my room and dropped off all of my things. The corridors were, thankfully, totally vacant. Everything was going perfectly.

Afterward, I snuck around the hotel to ensure the cleaning crew wasn't going to be an issue. The only people I saw were the employees at the front desk in the lobby. These activities managed to burn through another 10 or so minutes, so I definitely had to go now. I dashed to the recreation center with a ridiculous grin on my face. There it was. I froze and stared at the door to the men's room for a brief moment, still smiling stupidly. I'm really glad nobody walked in at that moment because it probably would've been pretty creepy! With a final glance around I charged at the door, half expecting it to be locked because everything else had gone so smoothly. To my delight, it wasn't!

It's a weirdly surreal feeling to be in the restroom of the opposite sex. On one hand, you know it's just four walls with some porcelain fixtures and it shouldn't be a big deal. On the other hand, it's amazing to rebel against the social behavior that has been drilled into you your entire life. The door shut quietly behind me and I soaked in what was before me as if I were looking at a beautiful sunset rather than some appliances intended to collect urine. Maybe this description is a bit extreme, but to be fair, it was at least much cleaner than the other men's room I visited before . There were two stalls, two sinks, and two urinals.

My options certainly were open, but anybody can pee in a stall or into sink on any day. I was here for the urinals, but an unexpected choice presented itself: The tall one or the short one? Before picking one, I checked to see if I could lock the door, just as an extra precaution. Unfortunately, I couldn't, but I wasn't about to let that stop me. My bladder was becoming quite vocal and I was about to relieve it into one of these urinals. I probably put too much consideration into which urinal to use, but I wanted to make sure my "first time" was just right.

With my jeans still in place, I stood in front of each one and put my crotch over the protruding lip, contemplating. Despite having practiced hundreds of times in the shower, I had no idea what I was doing--even setting aside the fact that my later practice runs were a moderate success at best. Undeterred, I finally picked the taller one, figuring it would be easier to align myself and that there was less distance for something to go terribly wrong.

My hands were shaking as I undid my jeans. I clearly wasn't going to be a marksman tonight. I slid my pants and panties down below my knees, baring my butt toward the rest of the bathroom. How awkward would it be for someone to walk in now? I thought, but quickly dismissed. I spread my legs a little and put my lady bits over the lip of the urinal, trying to gauge just how to manage this. This isn't going to work. I crouched in front of the urinal to undo my shoes so I could full remove my pants and panties. Wearing nothing but socks from my waist down, I clumsily traipsed across the men's room, praying nobody would walk in as I flashed my vulva all around, and put my clothes onto the counter by the sinks.

I returned to the urinal for my second aiming attempt. I really had to go now. I huddled as closely as I could to the urinal, spread my legs a bit more, and thrust my hips forward, being extra careful not to come into contact with the porcelain. This awkward position only emphasized my trembling. I tried a few other positions including propping my leg up on the privacy divider and approaching it from an angle, but nothing really seemed fail-proof. Knowing I needed to pick before either my bladder decided for me or somebody walked in on this insanity (or worse, both), I opted for spread legs and forward hips. I've seen pictures and videos of superwomen who are able to pee practically like a guy, but I figured round 1 wasn't going to be quite that graceful for me.

With my legs spread unnaturally widely, my hips thrust uncomfortably far forward, and my whole body trembling, I moved my hands to my lady bits. Using both hands, I delicately spread my labia, hoping to clear the path of any obstruction. Without being able to see down there, however, I had no clue what I was doing. "Well, here goes," I muttered to myself and bit my lip. Nothing happened. Despite having to pee really badly and applying pressure to my muscles below, I couldn't even produce a drop. If I have to stand here until my bladder gives in to fatigue, I don't care. I am going to use this urinal! I stood there for what felt like hours, listening to the ticking of my watch shatter the silence every second.

My legs were getting sore from being in such a strange position, but finally, a jolt of pee spat into my target! I giggled loudly like a little girl before remembering where I was and shutting up. It was only a brief spurt, but it was enough to get things moving. Before long, it was spurt after spurt and, at last, a steady stream. I was amazed at myself! It was ridiculous, but glorious! Here I was, AT LAST, totally butt-naked from the waist down, with the exception of my socks, totally exposed, in the middle of the men's room, my hips pushed forward, with my urethra shooting pee into a URINAL!!

I couldn't see what was happening below, but it seemed to be working! Warm, clear urine cascaded from between my legs and spattered satisfyingly into the fixture below. This urinal was tall enough that I felt a warm mist deflecting back up onto my hands and crotch, but I was too afraid to adjust (guys, do you ever experience this?). It wasn't perfect, of course. The occasional drop would dribble onto one of my thighs and my fingers were dampened every now and then, but I was too engrossed in what I was accomplishing to care. It wasn't long, however, before my trembling and muscle fatigue began to get the best of me.

What was the occasional stray drop quickly became the occasional stray spurt. Regardless, I was extremely proud of myself for attempt #1. That is, until I heard a noise behind me. I was so enthralled, I forgot I was in a position of potential immense embarrassment. I immediately shot my head around to see who was there. This, of course, threw off everything down below. My "aim" went awry and one of my fingers slipped, causing my urine flow to become obstructed. At this stage in the game, there was no stopping the train of urine now cascading rapidly down my legs, drenching my socks, and pooling onto the once-clean floor.

So many things were happening at once, I nearly lost track. In the brief second I glanced behind me, I noted that there was nobody there...the sound I'd heard was a creak of the building. I literally just peed all over myself because the building was settling . With relief on that account, I diverted back to the new disaster: remedying the mess between my legs. Honestly, there was no point. The damage was done and I might as well have finished urinating all over myself, but in the spur of the moment, I wanted to fix it. 

I quickly pulled back my labia again, this time soaking my hands pretty thoroughly and splattering fluid all over both the interior and exterior of the urinal. After a brief struggle and a big mess, I finally managed to regain control for the last few seconds of stream, proudly finishing up with a few solid spurts straight into the urinal...as my legs glistened with evidence of my failure.

My heart was pounding tremendously. I surveyed the disaster. When I finally took it all in, I laughed hysterically and probably physically glowed with pride. I glanced around for paper towels to begin cleaning myself up. Shoot. They didn't have any. After probably half a roll of toilet paper, I was dry. I made my way back to the sink where my clothes were, my head practically divided into two with a smile. Before grabbing my clothes, I stepped back far enough to see down to my knees in the mirror. I relished in seeing female anatomy in such proximity to a urinal (it never gets old!). For good measure, figuring a little more mess wouldn't make a big difference, I spread my legs and let out another spurt of pee--what had managed to collect in the few minutes I used to clean up--onto the floor. It was funny to see it from a third person perspective.

I wiped myself dry again, washed my hands (as if it made a difference with my lower half having been totally soaked in bladder juices moments before), and begrudgingly donned my clothes, sans socks. Not wanting to leave the site of my triumph, I paced back to the urinal for one last look. There was a lot of urine beneath it and the outer side of the lip was splattered with pee. It looked like some drunk guy didn't even try to hit the mark. I quivered with excitement and finally departed, not encountering a single soul on my journey back to my room. I was unbelievably turned on. I wanted to pee all over everything and pleasure myself like there was no tomorrow, but I saved it until I got a warm bath ready, in which I alternated between masturbating and peeing directly in the water whenever I accrued anything in my bladder. I, of course, showered after to get properly cleaned, and then immediately came to my computer to write this up.

I hope you all enjoyed it!!! I can still hardly believe I FINALLY DID IT!!!!!

*015*2018-01-30 04:04

{{On 12/31/2017 at 3:13 PM, Indigo said:

I enjoyed reading that ... and now at last I know the source of those unexplained puddles on the floor by the urinals ...

}}

Hehe, I like to think I'm not the only gal who has tried this!! And it makes more sense that way...after all, it can't be that hard to aim as a guy, right?

{{On 1/1/2018 at 10:44 AM, Ktpq said:

I can say I am honestly not brave enough to do that^_^.it sounded like you had fun and reading felt like I was honestly there

}}

{{On 1/2/2018 at 6:21 PM, AquaticGoddess said:

Wow! This is something I've always wanted to try but never been brave enough to follow through with.

}}

If you all ever get the chance to do it, I definitely encourage it! It's exhilarating!! Single-occupancy restrooms may be a safer option.

{{On 1/3/2018 at 1:20 AM, wettingman said:

I loved reading about your naughty pee into a urinal, it was rather arousing. Thank you.

I don't experience the warm mist, because with a penis I don't need to stand so close. I bet with a little practice , you can adjust your stance to avoid this as well ; and perhaps become confident enough to do this without having to remove your pants entirely, to avoid getting them wet. I have seen videos of woman just pulling their panties aside and letting go. You will have one less thing to worry about if your not totally exposed, not that I would mind seeing that.

}}

Thank you!! That's my ultimate goal! My dream is to surprise a guy by peeing into a urinal next to him (without revealing my lady bits)! ...but I very seriously doubt that will ever actually happen I'll have to find some videos like that and study them to see if I can make it work!

{{On 1/4/2018 at 9:31 AM, Blurple said:

Women peeing standing/in urinals is really hot. Absolutely love it.

Congrats on your achievement! Have you considered trying to pee standing in a regular toilet?

}}

Thank you!! I've considered it, but I never want to deal with the mess I'd probably make on the floor, so I usually stick to practicing in my shower. I plan to do it some day though! It'd be great to be able to pee all that way, especially in dirty bathrooms. #PenisEnvy

{{On 1/1/2018 at 3:44 PM, bibibibi said:

Great story! Any more attempts planned?

Any chance you could share those videos?

}}

I don't have them saved at the moment, so I'll have to see if I can dig them up. If I can find them, I'll share them!

*022*2018-12-09 07:20

{{On 11/30/2018 at 11:35 PM, SarahRe said:

Oh my goodness, your story is fantastic! You're a really good writer.

I remember the first time I peed in a urinal, and it was definitely thrilling. Then again, I'd been standing to pee in regular toilets for years before that, so maybe that made it a little bit less exciting that it might otherwise have been if it had been my first standing pee.

Here's the only advice I can share in terms of technique (and you may already be doing this, so I'm sorry if I'm saying things you already know). For me, it was critically important to figure out precisely where my pee hole actually is, so that I know exactly where I need to spread. To pee, I just try to spread my inner lips with a finger on either side of my pee hole. I can lift up a little to get the angle more forward. Finally, it's important for me not to spread too far, because then I think I start stretching around the actual pee hole and it messes up the nice neat stream. Also, FWIW, I have a really thin stream compared to what I've seen in some videos, so that may somehow make it easier for me. I honestly have no idea. I suspect that anatomical differences mean that we all have very different degrees of difficulty on this.

}}

Thank you!! I'm glad you enjoyed it!

Thanks for the tips! Yeah, my biggest problem tends to be consistency in spreading. I practice daily in the shower and have become much more proficient but I still sometimes dribble a bit that falls straight down or trickles down one of my thighs. It's hard to notice and correct this in the shower when I'm already soaked with warm water (I guess the obvious solution is to practice before turning the water on), but I've managed to get it clean enough now that I use my home toilet on foot every now and then. When you lift up, does your stream ever get chaotic and difficult to control? I can do it a little, but if I try to push it too far, I end up with a mess to clean. I haven't really compared stream girth too much, but I'd guess mine's probably about average. It's not like a fire hydrant, but not crazy thin either.

{{On 12/3/2018 at 9:33 AM, Stanley79 said:

Beautifully written with the exercises with delightful humor!

You're certainly not alone. On one occasion waiting for a urinal in a busy guy's room I realized the person using the fixture was a young lady.

}}

Thank you!! Wow!! Good for her (and also for you)! Kudos to her for managing to build up the courage for that!

