Earning a chance to wet myself

Author: PippinPlover

*000*2022-01-02 23:50

CW: Weed, penis, blowjobs, light D/s

I finally got to try a long-time wetting fantasy of mine yesterday! And man, was it worth the wait.

After a truly hellish Christmas with family, my husband (29, kinda looks like David Tennant) and I (27, blonde, short and slim) ended up returning to our home Friday instead of today as originally planned. We decided to spend Saturday (yesterday) aggressively relaxing. To help achieve that goal, we each took a weed gummy.

I'm very much a weed lightweight — didn't try it til last year, when we moved to a state where it's legal, and I generally only do it once every couple of weeks. One thing I like about the stuff is the way it makes me relentlessly, INSATIABLY horny. I'm talking nonstop WAP. Most of our activities for the day fall outside the purview of this forum, though, so I'll skip to the juicy bit.

In the evening, my husband told me it was unlikely he'd be in the mood for further sex, so I pulled myself together and made supper. As we continued to chill on the couch, though, I still felt very submissive, aroused, and eager to serve. It didn't help that I had a very full bladder: I'd been drinking lots of water to combat dry mouth and had been holding just for fun all evening.

We still had the waterproof blanket and a towel on the couch from our earlier activities, so I hatched a plan. As my husband played a video game on his laptop, I rested my head on his lap and began to gently caress his soft dick through his sweatpants. He ignored me, but his dick did not: I felt it slowly start to firm up. I sat up and peppered little kisses across his neck and cheek, stopping to gently nip at him. That finally got his attention.

Before long, I was sucking his cock and really pouring my whole heart and soul into the task.

"God, I could come like this," he told me, practically groaning the words.

I saw my opening: "I would love that, Sir... But I really have to pee."

"And you can't until I've finished, is that it?"

I was glad he phrased it like a suggestion instead of an order — if it'd been an order, I wouldn't have had the courage to make my next suggestion.

"Or... We have the waterproof blanket right here," I said, my cheeks hot with embarrassment. "I could just let it out while you use my mouth."

"Hmm..." He paused, pretending to think about it, but his twitching cock told me how interested he was. "Come here, boy," he said, patting the couch next to him.

I scrambled up from the floor to kneel on the couch atop the folded towel, and my Sir turned to face me. I quickly got to work again. Bending over like that put serious pressure on my bladder, but letting it go on the couch felt so taboo — and I was so focused on giving my Sir pleasure — that all I could do was let out tiny trickles. I rubbed a hand against my slowly dampening crotch, marveling at how warm and wet I was. My clit was rock-hard. By the time my Sir finished, my teal joggers were dark at the crotch and in a rivulet running down my right leg, but my bladder still felt full.

"Good boy," my Sir said, handing me the vibrator.

I orgasmed in minutes, my piss flooding my pants and trickling across the waterproof blanket to dampen my Sir's pants, too. His still-hard cock bobbed at me.

"You know, the way I'm sitting, I could piss on you so easily," he said, casually.

"Please," I begged, abandoning the last shreds of my dignity.

It took him a couple minutes to calm his boner enough, but soon he was sending spurts of pee onto my already soaked clothes.

"Oh God," I moaned.

We bundles the towel, our clothes, and the waterproof blanket into the washing machine and then headed for the shower, where he finished emptying his bladder on me and brought out evening of filthy fun to a satisfying conclusion. I made sure to tell him how much I enjoyed the scenario and how wetting my pants while giving someone oral has been a longstanding fantasy of mine, so I have high hopes we'll do it again someday!

