My first time

Author: Pippilotta

*000*2019-07-28 19:37

Hello you all!

I just found this great site, and it inspirend me to go one step further... Not only watching videos and pictures, but trying it myself.

And my first time was so great, i really want to share it with likeminded people! English is not my native language, but i hope you enjoy my text!

I decided to give wetting my panties a go, because i wanted to lie in the bathtub anyway, so i figuered it would be a good time to try it. I drank a lot of water before, but didn' t want to hold very long, because... Uhm... I reaaaally wanted to try it.

So about half an hour ago i locked myself in the bathroom, undressed until i only wore very cute red an black panties, shoved aside the carpet and got down on all four. I've always wanted to pee like this... The pressure on my bladder intensified as i sticked out my butt. I got goosebumps all over and felt so naughty!

I tried to hold it for a moment, but i was to excited and before i even willingly decided to let go, it started...i heard a short hissing sound and a sharp stream of hot piss shot through my panties, one part running down my thigh, drenching my left leg, the other part soaking my panties on the front and running on the floor. Oh god, i loved the sound of the liquid hitting the floortiles!

I looked down and saw not one, but two puddles growing, one directly under me, the other one beneath my left foot. I pushed harder to get every last drop out, through the fabric of my now warm, dripping wet panties. I didn't want it to stop! All i could think was "Oh my god, you're really pissing yourself! On the floor!"

I kneeled there for a short while, feeling the puddle and my underwear slowly cool... i was so horny,i couldn't think straight. I noticed that my butt was dry, that made me a little sad. So i figured since i had to clean this mess i could as well wipe it with my butt.

So i sat down... Rubbing my butt on the floor, through the puddle...wetting it with my own piss, that i just squirted on my bathroom floor.

And then i sat there, legs wide spread, feeling my pee everywhere, on my butt, my thighs, my pussy, my legs...god, i loved it...i even played with it a little, rubbing it on the front of my panties. As i did this, i noticed another kind of wetness dripping from between my legs and well... I did what i had to do.

So, yeah, i think that was a really good start with omorashi...

*006*2019-07-29 18:26

{{7 hours ago, basss37 said:

That is one very nice story with a lot of nice details.

Normally wetting your pants for the first time it's pretty hard to get started.

Its a shame though, you say very cute panties but you dont show us a pic so we can judge ourselves

}}

Thank you! Since it was my first time, i wanted to enjoy it fully and didn't want to take picture.

Today i did ist again, this time in dark jeans and took some photos. Perhaps i'll show them here sometime.

{{3 hours ago, Bluesman59 said:

Hella good story! Sounds like you had an awesome time.

}}

Oh yes, i had... And i continued having an awesome time since then. I'll soon write about it.

{{4 hours ago, Golden Queen said:

Glad your first experience was a good one. Nice story with great detail.

}}

Thank you very much! It was my first story ever, so i'm pretty proud.

{{3 hours ago, Toffer said:

Welcome to the forum pippilotta. Great story. That sounds like fun:-) I hope you have many more wonderful omorashi experiences.

Ps

Should we imagine you with red pigtails and freckles carrying a horse above your head?

}}

Thank you! Actually, i already had some more experiences the night after this one! It's so much fun and makes me so horny! I could help but pee on some more things...

