Bike ride adventure and unplanned accidents

Author: probablypee

*000*2021-02-22 05:33

I've had an account on this site for years and have finally decided I'd start sharing my many omo related stories. For reference, I'm a bit over 5'5", skinny, and I have a short pixie haircut. Femboy is a description I feel I might fall under.

Anyways, onto my biking related adventure.

I woke up around 6 am to a beautiful summer's day. I didn't plan on waking up this early, but I thought I should take advantage of the day and go for an early morning bike ride. I went to my kitchen and made myself a cup of coffee followed by a big cup of water. It was that moment that my omo side kicked in. A great idea came to my mind. I had just purchased a bag of rearz lil monsters and figured I'd create a challenge for myself. My idea was to get kinda squirmy, ride my bike to a park with a bathroom, and change into the diaper all without wetting myself on the way.

With that idea in mind I poured myself another cup of coffee and gulped down another glass of water. This probably put me at just under a liter of liquid. I put on a pair of black sweatpants, a t shirt, and a big hoodie. I put a diaper and a pair of shorts (just in case) in my backpack. At around 7 am I went out to my shed to get my bike. As I reached down to grab my bike off the floor I realized I already had to go pee. No big deal I thought, it was just part of the challenge.

I started riding my bike knowing there was a park with a bathroom only a couple cities away. I was at about a 6/10 on the pee scale with just a 30 minute bike ride. I was confident that I'd make it there in time and get to have my first experience of changing in a public bathroom and a padded bike ride. I forgot to mention I had brought a bottle of juice with me. I was about half way there when I decided to stop and take a few sips of my juice. I found myself lost in the calmness of a quiet covid sunday morning. I had yet to see anyone on the road. I snapped back to the task at hand and realized I was starting to really have to go. "No problem," I thought as I was only a couple miles from the park. I started riding again and was soon on the road that led to the park. As I was biking down the road I was at about an 8/10. If I was walking it would have been obvious I had to pee. Luckily, each push of my bike pedal helped to hide my desperation.

I saw the park in the distance. I peddled faster towards the bathroom building knowing that relief was near. I decided to push my bike into some bushes instead of locking it up to save time. I then walked briskly to the bathroom door to find it was locked. I stood there potty dancing at a solid 9/10 when I realized the bathrooms had likely been locked due to covid. I ran over to my bike and whipped out my phone to see what the nearest park was. "Only a mile away, and it has a bathroom!" I thought, hoping this one was left unlocked. I got back on my bike and started to ride as fast as I could to the next park.

After a difficult ride I could again see a park in the distance. This particular park had a small forest with a paved trail. Outside of the forest was another bathroom. I didn't bother with hiding my bike this time. I got to the bathroom door and again I was met with a locked door. I almost wet myself right there but I was able to get back on my bike. I rode into the small forest area not sure what to do next. As I got into the middle part of the forest I had to stop. The pressure was too much for me and I let out a small stream of pee, but I was able to quickly stop myself. I looked down to find my black sweatpants didn't show any wetness. From where I was I could still catch a glimpse of the front gate of the forest. I saw an older man riding in and decided I needed to get out of there. I started riding toward the back exit and was soon out of the forest and into a field.

The second my bike hit the grass I knew it was over for my bladder. I started spurting as I was riding into the field. I hastily looked around for people but saw no one. While still leaking, I jumped off my bike and plopped my butt onto the wet morning dew. Before my booty hit the ground I was already flooding my pants. I sat there soaking my pants. I realized I should have just opted for the diaper in the first place. Once I had emptied my bladder I was in a state of bliss which was soon overtaken by the fact I was sitting in public with wet pants. I decided this wasn't over and took a few sips from my juice. I took out my phone and found the nearest supermarket. "Six miles, I can handle that!" I thought to myself as I picked my bike off the ground. Another challenge came to mind. I decided I'd finish the almost liter of juice I had left on the way there.

Fast forward to about half way there and half of my juice in my tummy I noticed I was back at around a 6/10. I guess I didn't fully empty my bladder at the park. I was back to being squirmy but I knew I could make it in time. Another 20 or so minutes went by and I was almost done with my juice and almost at the store. I was now at the big shopping area with the store nearby. It was surprisingly busy for a sunday morning. I found the store and rode to the side of it where the bike rack was. I got off my bike and went into my backpack for my bike lock only to realize I had only brought the lock with me.

"No problem, I'll just lock it to the spoke of the wheel," I thought as I bent down onto my bladder. I was then standing there struggling to get the bike spoke to lock to the bike rack. My previous hold must have weakened by bladder as I felt a drip enter my already wet pants. "I can hold it," I thought as all of the juice seemed to hit my bladder all at once. The lock finally clicked into place as I was again soaking my pants. Standing there in a pool of pee and embarrassment I quickly grabbed the last of my juice and poured it onto the ground to act like I was just emptying my bottle instead of having a big accident. Luckily, only one car had driven past during all of this. I was still super embarrassed, this was the most public wetting I had ever done and it wasn't even on purpose.

(warning, some diaper stuff ahead)

I looked down at my sweatpants and was glad to see it was almost unnoticeable I had an accident. I put on my mask and walked into the store and went right into the bathroom. I was glad to find out it was a single person bathroom. I took out the diaper and quickly put it on my wet butt. My pants and undies were soaked, luckily I had a plastic bag to put them in. I put on my shorts and realized I my booty was way bigger than usual. If you knew what to look for you'd know I was wearing a diaper. I had a big hoodie on though, so my butt was covered. I left the bathroom and walked over to the beverage section and grabbed a big bottle of flavored water. I payed and walked back out to my puddle and my bike. I started my somewhat long journey home. I didn't even bother holding at this point. Anytime I felt the need to pee I would stop my bike and just pee.

This was a day of firsts for me. I had not planned to wet myself in public, but I had done it twice on accident. Once I got home I realized I was wetter than I thought. I put my bike in my backyard and waddled into my house.

