Rockfest experiences

Author: Peeplaycouple

*000*2018-06-22 02:46

So I had mention a few weeks ago that boyfriend and I were going to Rockfest - a 3 day long rock music festival. Think Coachella but with less frilly clothes haha anyways I had promised that I would share some of our experiences we had so here it is .. let’s see

Well for starters it’s a 4 hour drive to get to our destination, but there was tons of construction and morning rush hour traffic so the drive was even longer (almost 6) In the first 1.5 hours I drank an XL coffee, and a large iced coffee PLUS a bottle of Gatorade before we left. We brought extra towels because I made a rule we weren’t allowed to pee until we got to the festival without permission from the other. Well I had a severely full bladder, like a 9.5/10 and we had gotten lost by this point. We stopped at Canadian Tire to ask for directions and my bf gave me permission to use the bathroom (if they had one) but that I would owe him.

Almost immediately after getting out of the car, my bladder started leaking, once both feet hit the pavement I felt the first spurt and cry from my failing bladder. I rushed to the store entrance and an elderly man stops dead center in the door of the only way into the store. Another small leak, I polightly said excuse me - nothing, then I noticed the hearing aids. Another spurt and I can feel my pants now, not just my panties and damp. I tapped his shoulder and finally got by. But now I can’t find the bathroom, and ask an employee - she doesn’t speak any English of course (we were in a province where they speak French) I finally managed to find the bathroom and by this point my jeans were starting to get quite wet but I made it to the bathroom before I completely lost control. Thankfully I planned ahead and was wearing black jeans!

Another thing I really enjoyed was how few bathrooms there was at the festival. 200,000+ people, all drinking and partying and all we had were porta-potties. They got really bad really fast so as you can imagine, people just started skipping the porta-potties. Men and women everywhere just peeing when and where the need came - Omo heaven! And also watching people, complete strangers, squirm and dance when they were waiting for a bathroom. I only saw one accident, but I’m sure there was lots more.

Also standing In a crowd of thousands of people doing naughty things like wetting my skirt because I didn’t want to use the gross bathrooms. Grinding and oh so discreetly fooling around with my bf in the crowd.

We also like public/risky sex. So having sex in our tent, surrounded by so many people was exhilarating. All the ‘windows’ were open and it was very easy to see us, we could hear people talking about us as they walked by. I know there’s more but I just got home from work not too long ago so I’m having a hard time thinking of more at the moment

*004*2018-06-23 02:38

Alright well the accident I witnessed was a female who was waiting for one of the porta potties. She was talking to a female friend and I kept hearing her say that she was about to pee.

From what I over heard she had drank a lot earlier and didnt go earlier because she didn’t want to miss her favourite band.

There was about 10-15 people ahead of her and I was directly behind them. After only about two minutes she started getting really desperate and dancing. Unfortunately for her (but not me) she was wearing light coloured jeans. I could see a we talked patch slowly getting bigger and moving down her inner thighs.

Shockingly the initially shy and embarrassed woman just literally said ‘fuck it’ wet herself then proceeded to the ‘festi-douche’ (outdoor portable showers. Great name though eh? )

