Liquid Leg Warmers

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-10-12 09:10

Got another wetting tale for you all!! This was yesterday's adventure. If you want to skip over the buildup/background and get straight to the wetting, I suggest jumping to paragraph 4!

It was one of those days. You all know them. The clouds heavily loomed overhead, weighing down the sky, the grayness weighing down everyone's mood. To make matters worse, the October chill was hanging in the air. It was a mediocre day at work, everyone's demeanor as drab as the day. When I pulled into my apartment at the end of the day, I wanted some excitement to get my spirits up and my heart pounding. My last pee-related excursion outside of the four walls that confine my apartment was my trek into the men's room just over a week ago. I was long overdue. At roughly 5:30PM, it was still too early to attempt another dash into the men's room (I'm not bold enough just yet to try it in daylight), and I didn't feel like waiting until nightfall to get my fun in.

I dragged myself out of my work clothes and looked through my closet for something a bit more appropriate for some incognito public wetting...something I hadn't yet checked off of my list. Sure, I've peed while running, wet my bikini at the beach, done the classic duck behind a bush to relieve myself, and even almost gotten caught by a group of guys while watering a parking garage floor (a story for another time, perhaps? ), but I'd never done any real, totally intentional, good ol' classic panty-wetting while walking around town.

What better time to give it a shot than when everything's already wet? I could have as much fun as I wanted and nobody would have a clue! I slipped into a nice, warm, gray sweater and pulled a totally weather-inappropriate black skirt over a pair of cheap pink panties, and I was all set! Though I, very intentionally, hadn't urinated for the last few hours at work, I downed a few glasses of water for good measure and grabbed a bottle for the road. I glanced out the window – only a very light drizzle. Perfect. I left my umbrella where it lay in my closet and stepped out into the chilly air.

The cool air nipped at my legs, giving me goosebumps, but I smiled to myself, knowing that I would soon have the means to warm them back up. I decided to make my way to some nearby shops to peruse any new holiday decorations they had on display. It was surprisingly crowded in town for such a dismal day, a prospect that made me tingle with excitement and nervousness. On occasion, I would stop at a store window and look in. I could feel myself shaking. No matter how many times I pee myself or experiment in some way with my urine, every new endeavor is practically like my first time, sending jolts of adrenaline through me and turning my stomach inside out. The thrill was building, but the urge to relieve myself was developing more slowly than I anticipated.

Figuring I must be less hydrated than I initially thought, I nursed on my bottle. Some time went by. It was pushing 6:20 by the time my bladder alerted me to my need to seek out the facilities, a need that was joyously denied. The drizzle was long finished by now, my brunette hair made sleek by a only faint layer of moisture. I smiled at people as I passed them on the sidewalk, wondering what they would do if they knew the woman sweetly greeting them was about to pee all over herself in the middle of a relatively busy street. 6:30; the urge was growing rapidly now, as was the gnawing of hunger in my stomach. It just so happened that, as an idea flourished in my mind, these two primal urges coincided wonderfully.

I found a truck vendor selling burritos and decided to kill two birds with one stone. Why not wet myself while ordering my meal? A smirk snuck across my face as soon as the thought flashed through my mind – talking to some totally oblivious cashier with a trickle down my leg, soaking my legs and filling my shoes with warm splendor. A surge of energy shot through me, electrifying my nerves, kicking my heart into overdrive. I made my way over to the truck, my heart pounding in my throat, and took my place in line, taking note of all the people around and questioning if I should follow through.

"What's the worst that can happen?" I thought to myself, "Everything is already thoroughly drenched and besides, my legs could use a little extra warmth." I waited for my turn and, at last, made my way to the window, trying to hide my trembling (and, at this point, reasonably-strong urge to empty the contents of my bladder). As I was talking to the cashier, I began pushing. The muscles refused to cooperate. It was as if I had forgotten how to pee! He said something to me, but I missed it, obviously distracted.

"Ma'am?" He questioned. "I'm sorry," my attention snapped back to him, though I maintained some focus on getting the gears moving downstairs. He repeated his question and I answered, my panties still bone-dry, but my bladder urging me to let go. He stepped away for a minute, presumably to get my order ready. I kept at it, trying to release the fluid. As he came back to take my money, the first spurts of warm urine finally burst through, albeit briefly, instantly soaking into my panties.

I cracked a smile at this feat, and realizing I probably looked mental just smiling to myself, tried to play it cool like I was smiling at him. With a bit more effort as I reached into my purse to get the money, I managed to release a bit more, most of it still caught in my panties. The warm, wet, fabric stuck enticingly to my vulva. I handed him a couple of bills, my hands visibly shaking. He looked at me, concerned, and asked, "Are you alright, ma'am?" I assured him everything was fine as my spurts, at last, broke into a stream.

The flood exited around the crotch of my panties as the warmth spread slightly up my butt. I heard a faint pattering between my legs from some stray pee that had fallen from the center of my crotch. I quickly jolted my legs together, directing all of the pee down my thighs. I nervously looked around to see if anyone had noticed. If they had, they pretended not to – most everyone with their eyes glued to their phones. I could feel my face turning red hot as cascades of pee delivered life-giving warmth back to my chilly legs, finally and soaking into my socks.

He handed me my change and bid me a good evening, a courtesy I returned as I turned away, my liquid leg warmers still at work. My shoes now squished with every step, drawing no attention, under the guise that I must've stepped into a puddle. A few seconds later, as I unwrapped my burrito and took my first bites, the warm trickle from my urethra concluded at last. I glanced down nonchalantly, my face still burning ferociously, even warmer than the wet, tingly, lady bits that lay beneath my skirt. My legs were very obviously wet, but on a day like today, I figured nobody would second guess it. This still didn't stop my heart from pounding relentlessly.

I walked around a bit as I ate, the warmth of the pee that covered my legs sapping away into the cool evening air. I spilled bits of my burrito in between drinks of water as I traipsed around a bit more. Finally, even my crotch matched the damp chill of the air. Not to fret, however, for by 7:00, my water consumption paid off and I was ready to go again! I turned and made my way toward home, excitement still rushing through me as I replayed the puzzled look on the vendor's face, his oblivious nature as I casually peed all over my own legs right in front of him and even a line of other people!! The thrill of such a taboo action, but everybody in complete ignorance!

As I walked past the last few shops on the street, I looked at the people around me, smiling, and began pushing again. Like before, it took effort (I guess after a lifetime of conditioning, it's not particularly easy to pee yourself in front of total strangers), but it came a bit more easily this time. I nodded a cheerful greeting to a couple I passed as that familiar warmth flooded my panties yet again, overflowing and making its way downward. I shook with a chill as the pee spread across my legs yet again, some of it spattering onto the ground, indistinguishable, to the uninformed eye, from my splashing steps.

Here came that shot of adrenaline again. I almost wanted to jump for joy, and likely would have if it wouldn't have entailed showering my pee all over everything and drawing unnecessary attention to myself. Inversely correlated with the level of fluid in my bladder, my level of excitement, if you get what I mean, increased as pee jet into my panties. I wanted so badly to rub myself right there as I leaked, but refrained. Again, the last few drops came to a sputtering end, the warm wetness clinging to my legs and, more pleasurably, my nether region .

At last, as I arrived at the doorstep of my apartment, my legs, crotch, and butt were quite cold, heightening the sexual sensations as they glistened with moisture. I hurriedly burst through my door, stripped out of my wet clothes, and made my way to a warm shower, reiterating the events of the evening over and over in my head. You can be sure as heck I gave some special attention to my tingling anatomy as a reward for a fantastic close to an otherwise dreary day. Finally, before shutting off the water, I had just enough pee to complete my newly-customary attempt to pee standing during every shower (and admittedly, sometimes when I'm just bored and not showering ). It was a moderate success, though still not quite enough of one to attempt the toilet just yet.

Hope you all enjoyed reading about this thrilling experience! Until I finally manage to use a urinal, it's going to be challenging to find an experience that parallels this!

*003*2017-10-13 02:12

{{13 hours ago, desp_wet said:

I love reading your stories, you have a real talent for writing.

}}

Thank you!! That really means a lot to me!

