Chapter 2 Staged holding that ended in a genuine accident

Author: Progamb99

*000*2023-04-24 13:03

So for those that didn’t read my first story. I am going to be writing my personal accounts of real life accidents and holdings that I have seen from my girlfriends or other friends that are females. A little backstory this is about my high school sweetheart a girl who I was in a relationship with her quite a few years. I had told her about my fetish and she was willing to try it and do it for me. I described the first occurrence in my last story just a quick recap. I had challenged her to hold her Pee as long as she could and she was not able to hold more than 32 ounces of water more than an hour. So needless to say I had stumbled upon a gold mine so to speak. Obviously it does not take much to get her to a very desperate state!

So the story starts off with the two of us scheming up a plan to stay the night together for the first time and have some “fun”. She had told her parents that she was staying the night at one of her best friends house and also filled her best friend in on the plan. She showed up to my house around 8:30 or so wearing a T-shirt some black yoga pants and black and white Nike tennis shoes. We chatted for a bit and excitedly discussed what all we wanted to do that night and around 9:00 PM decided to go ahead and get started with her drinking some water. She wanted a specific kind of water so we went to the gas station and got a few bottles of her favorite kind of water. She started drinking them immediately and had the first one finished by about 9:20. She had started working her way through the second one when she got a phone call from her mom around 9:30 asking where she was.

It looked as if our plan had been ruined, we jumped in the car and drove to her best friends house which happened to be about 15 minutes away so that she could have her mom talk to her best friend and know that she was there. Well on the way there she did go ahead and finish that second water bottle without really even thinking about it. We go to her friends at about 9:45 and they were able to speak on the phone and for what we knew we were in the clear. As we are driving back to my house she had mentioned for the first time that she came out to be a little bit but wasn’t making any sort of obvious signs that it was getting serious yet.

We got back to my house at about 10:05. We got out of the car and walk to the front door she squirmed just a little bit as we were walking and said that it was starting to get a little worse, I then turned and asked her, how bad was it on a scale of 1 to 10 And she said it was up to about a 6. I’m beginning to get a little excited thinking about the fact that she has to pee already this bad and she really hasn’t even drank that much yet.

So I’m beginning to anticipate in my mind how exciting this night is actually going to be because I’m sure she’s gonna be desperate most of the night with all of the waters that we had. We walk upstairs to my bedroom and of course with all the excitement start making out I am feeling each other up when all of a sudden her phone rings again. It’s her mom AGAIN. This time not so lucky apparently her friend’s dad saw us pull in on his cameras and decided to call her mom and let her know what what we were doing.

Her mom told her I needed to bring her home right that instant so between the fear of what kind of punishment her mom was going to give her and the excitement that we were experiencing together both of us forgot about the fact that she had took so much water in that her bladder was filling up very rapidly. We grabbed all of her stuff and ran out to the car so I can get her on as fast as possible hoping that that might alleviate some of the punishment her mom gives little course we weren’t thinking straight. We hit the road and headed for mom‘s house which is about 20 to 25 min away.

I Just happened to glance down at the clock in my Jeep and read that it was about 10:18 PM. We drive for a few minutes and she looks over at me with panic in her voice and says “ Babe I have to pee really freaking bad and I’m scared“ I try to calm her down and tell her that it’s gonna be OK I’m gonna hurry and get home as fast as possible. Well then ask her how bad is it and she looks at me and says it’s a 9.5 out of 10. I still had about 15 minutes to go so I was getting a Little nervous and excited at the same time because I get to see her desperate again but I’m also scared that I’m not gonna get to see her for a bit because of the trouble she’s about to be in. I keep occasionally looking over us we’re going and see her swarming and holding herself as much as possible. We got a few more minutes up the road we’re only about 10 minutes from her house and she looks at me again and says “babe I’m seriously about to pee my fucking pants”.

Tell her to just keep holding it she can do it we’re not too far away and said they were she lives there’s not anywhere that I can stop to let her go especially this time of night. We still continue on and finally pull onto a side road that leads to her house. This point we’re only about five minutes from our house and she is an agony from what I can see she has her legs crossed in the seat both hands buried in her crotch she looks at me and says “I seriously do not think I’m gonna make it home. I have never had to pee so bad in my entire life!” I keep watching her squirm in her seat and just can’t help it it’s so unbelievably horny and excited than halfway kind of hopeful that she doesn’t make it because I’m not gonna get to see her for a bit at least I’ll have this is the final memory until I see her next time.

Obviously my heart is completely racing at this point I’m nervous and excited and also curious to see if her mom is going to be outside waiting when we get there. Turn on to her road and we only have about another minute or two is her squirming it’s just getting out of control at this point she’s looks at me and says “babe I’m seriously about to cry I have never had to pee so bad in my life I really don’t think I’m gonna make it home I’m seriously gonna pee myself as soon as I stand up” we finally pull into a long driveway and all of the lights are on outside soon as we get close to the house to see her mom looking through the living room window out to us at that point I get really worried for her. We park and she she looks over with what seems to be a tear in her eye both hands still buried in her crotch she says “well here goes nothing wish me luck...” we both get out of my car and walk up to her front porch she is squirming in duck walking barely able to even walk straight.

She keeps saying in a little voice “I gotta pee I gotta pee I gotta pee!” Her mom then steps out of the front porch and ask what the fuck her problem is and tells her to get the house that she’s grounded. I immediately walk up to her mom and just begin apologizing profusely and saying that I just wanted to spend some more time with her Just made a mistake and it was my idea this is all my fault. And she still is walking up a couple steps I hear her stop walking grown and immediately double over. She says dammit I can’t hold it anymore. Her mom and I both look over and witness some thing neither of us thought we would see. She had started completely peeing in her pants, not a little bit but everything it was pouring out of her yoga pants on the Ground running down her legs and into her tennis shoes it was a complete flood right there on the front porch.

She looks for both of us and says well fuck! Couldn’t freaking hold it anymore what else did you want me to do? Her mom and I are both shocked but for different reasons I cannot begin to describe the feelings I’m feeling after seeing what I witnessed and I’m sure her mom felt the same way but had much different feelings that I did. She yelled at her go get in the house get yourself cleaned up and go to your room now. I’m on then did thank me for being grown-up enough to walk up to her and apologize and that we would be talking again later And I need to get my ass on home. Drove home and total silence and in disbelief for what all transpired tonight I was heartbroken that I wouldn’t see her for a couple weeks but also had butterflies the size of pterodactyls in my stomach because one of my lifelong dream since culture of seeing a girl desperate and having a genuine accident like this.

Don’t worry there are many many more stories to come and I am so excited to relive these and tell everybody everything I know!

*002*2023-04-24 13:49

{{2 minutes ago, DespAndHold said:

Wow what an experience! I can’t believe she didn’t ask you to stop somewhere so she could go even if she had to squat! Did she / you have to explain why she was so desperate she couldn’t contain herself?

}}

It all was kind of happening so fast neither of us thought to even pull over and once we had the idea there was just no way it was possible. We were both scared to death of what mom was gonna do to us. Lol

That’s actually a good question she didn’t say that her mom brought anything else up about the experience that happened. From what I can assume she has had many desperate moments in the past because of her extremely small bladder that it probably didn’t even make her mom think twice about it.

*004*2023-04-24 13:55

{{3 minutes ago, DespAndHold said:

Well she did so well to last so long and avoid ruining your car if she has a small bladder as she had drank a lot and waited a while!

}}

Yeah looking back now she did really well that time lol there were many times that she wasn’t so lucky. I’m debating writing a few more stories today as I have some free time. So you’ll just have to see for yourself

