Bed wetting accident failure. Male wetting, pics, video

Author: pwig

*000*2018-07-23 04:55

I tried to orchestrate an accidental bedwetting tonight, hoping that the combination of beer and other inebriants along with being very tired and wearing damp boxers I'd wet earlier in the night would be enough to have Successful accident in my sleep.

Alas after dozing for a few hours I was jolted awake by a sudden desperate urge. I squirmed for what seemed like hours, but was likely no more than a few minutes before accepting that I wasn't going to get back to sleep.

Deciding to make lemonade out of lemons I set up my phone and a light to film the event when I gave in. Feeling my still damp boxers I realised that the wetting wouldn't show well enough on the already pee stained fabric. In for a penny, I decided to change into a clean pair that would show well. As I stood I realised how bad my situation really was, almost leaking in my shorts. I hobbled over to my chest of drawers and amid much bouncing and muttered swearing I managed to pull my damp underwear off, dumping it in an unceremonious heap on the floor before slipping the new pair on. To torture myself I paused to select a tee that would show up the contents of my complaining bladder when I lay down.

Shaking with desperation I managed to hit the record button on the phone without knocking it from the spot where I had it balanced. With a final effort I carefully climbed into bed and got in frame, lying on my side I quickly pull the edge off my shirt straight ready to shift to a more convincing sleeping position as it happens. A few shaking spurts then a deluge as I feel the flood soak my underwear before pooling and working up my side and down my thigh.

I lay exhausted and overwhelmed for a little, shifting position to enjoy the still warm puddle held by the waterproof sheet below.

Completely soaked I stopped the camera and snapped a few photos, before figuring out what to do with the aftermath. The red boxers were too wet to consider sleeping in, and I never wear a tee to bed, so I peeled the sopping underwear and top off and pulled the damp boxers from earlier that night back on, before throwing an old towel over the wet puddle in my bed and curling up to tell you all about it.

Nb. Some paraphrasing may occur regarding the exact events of the video, I'm sleepy.

Red boxers bedwetting.mp4

$$

$$

$$

