Trying to wet from desperation for the first time (and failing)

Author: Polianova

*000*2021-09-23 13:36

So, I have much more of a lurker nature, which means I've been reading and downloading stuff on this website for quite a long time, and only posted a few times. But hell, why not giving you all some content too ?

I'm a 22 yo asian girl. I have dark medium height hair, obviously black eyes, I'm pretty slim, I'd say. I've tried holding a few times now but since I'm never ever truly alone in my house I've never had the opportunity of wetting from desperation. Most if the time, I either fear my holding is getting obvious, or I'm too horny and eager to wait for being in an extreme state.

Today I'm home alone (almost alone, still have my sister around but she shouldn't be a bother), and I'll try wetting from desperation for the first time in my life.

I have absolutely no idea what my limit is but I'm pretty sure I can't hold much. I drank two cup of water and a coffee earlier and I'm starting to feel the need growing.

I decided to watch a few YouTube video, then I left my room for the bathroom, since I have to shower anyway. A moment ago, I really needed to pee, I had to bend over for a few seconds, but now I'm feeling okay again. I wish it could go faster... I can feel that my bladder is already pretty full cause my lower belly is hard... but I can hold it in still.

...

Minutes passes and I'm bored. I should have waited to be more desesperate before entering the bathroom... And as I'm writing these lines, I have to cross my legs for a moment as a wave of desperation hits me. It's funny how I feel okay at one point and seconds later I have to cross my legs and dance around.

...

I've drank more water from the tap because I want to wet now. I'm horny and a bit anxious my parents come back early. I slide a hand inside my purple panties... I'm wet, and it's not pee. I lay back and play with myself a little : feels good... but my need finally builds up. I decide to take things a step further and keep masturbating and pushing on my bladder at the same time. I can feel the pee going down inside me, and stopping against my will before reaching the outside. Could be frustrating but the mere feeling of almost peeing while touching myself is amazing... I wish I could let go and climax at the same time...

...

Well, now got up again and the need is really getting painful. This is the part I hate : everytime I get at the part I finally allow myself to go pee. This time, I try to ignore the pain and focus on the situation. I'm so full, I really need to pee but no way I'm going to pee myself -well, I want to but in my fantasy I don't want to. I don't even have to push that much on my bladder to feel it's rock hard. Every push makes me want to let go, but again, I'm wearing my panties. I suddenly become very self-conscious. What if someone finds out ? What am I gonna do with my pantie ? I chicken up : too dangerous. I take it off and enter the shower, then I turn the water on.

The sound of water is tolerable, but the feeling of cold water on my feet is something else. I start dancing around with my legs crossed and think "what's the point now ?" I let go a light rivulet of pee and it runs down my still crossed legs. Then the little stream stops. What the hell ? I uncross my legs, thinking I couldn't possibly get that desperate over such a little amount of liquid... and then it gushed out. It surprised me, to be honest !

And finally, I just stood up in my shower, hot water running on me and burning pee splashing on my legs and feet. It felt so good I couldn't really think.

Now, I have a shower to take. I'll try again when I get my own appartment (hopefully very soon)

Hope you enjoyed that little fail of mine, I'm going back to the lurking now

