First ever severe desperation

Author: Peeplaycouple

*000*2018-05-25 16:05

So normally I have a bladder of steel so this surprised me. I’ll start with a little background before I get into the story… This happened yesterday. I was with a female friend who has been driving a very expensive rental and is a friend who I talk to about almost everything with. Except that side of me. So for context we both had children I have a very strong bladder, she has a very weak bladder.

So, yesterday we decided to go to a local quarry. We were exploring, playing in the water with their toes just relaxing. On the drive to the quarry I noticed that my friend was squirming in her seat. I would like to mention that right before we left she went pee. We had only been in the car for 15 minutes at this point. When we were at the quarry finally out of nowhere she screams she has to pee pulls down her shorts and peees right in front of me. Of course being into Omorashi, this turned me on a lot.

I had already been texting, and tormenting boyfriend saying how badly I had to pee. Well I texted him and told him what happened.. now here I was desperate to pee, already turned on because I have to pee and now even more turned on because of what I just witnessed. I know for me it’s a never ending cycle the more turned on I get the more I have to pee, and the more I have to pee the more turned on I get.

Well as we’re heading back to my house my desperation is getting stronger and stronger by the second. We’re finally getting close to my place - about a 5 minute drive left when we hit dead stop traffic from construction. At this point I’m a 9.5 and I’ve made my friend very aware. I’m wearing a very short dress on leather seats and a very expensive rental car. My friend doesn’t know this part but by the time we were stuck in construction I was already slowly wetting myself, I couldn’t hold it back anymore. Thankfully slow enough that my underwear was soaking it up before it got on the seats.

Ive never in my life had to pee so badly that I wet myself 100% uncontrollably.

*002*2018-05-26 14:20

{{10 hours ago, blasseroz said:

I remember trying this as a kid, but found that I eventually lost control completely after a few quirts. I presume you made it to the toilet without 'losing it' then.

}}

Yes I did but barely. Was still having small leaks as I ran up the front steps of my house

