Desperation on the gas station

Author: potte

*000*2022-08-05 15:13

This is the first time I spotted desperation in public!

I have been into omo for almost whole my life, but never seen anything. In my country people seem to be really calm when waiting in line. Anyhow I experienced this at a gas station.

It was a single bathroom small gas station. I was first in line, a woman and a child just went in to the bathroom. While they were in there a line for 3 formed behind me. Behind me was a woman in the 40's with a boy probably pre teen. The boy was calm, but the woman was desperate. After waiting about 3 mins, she said "God I have to pee". Loud enough for everyone to hear, this is really not normal in my country. Especially not on a gas station. I travel a lot by car on my job, so bathroom lines at gas stations is something that I experience quite often.

On with the story, behind the woman and boy was yet another woman, same age as the other woman. She was even more desperate, she asked me twice, is there only one toilet?

After that she even looked for her self if there were more toilets. She kept on complaining about what could take so long. Before it was my turn, she said "ugh I'm about to pee my pants". She had to wait for me and another couple. Poor woman. But she made it, saw her while I was getting coffee, still in dry pants.

There was no visible desperation, but my bet is that it was pretty close.

Cheers P

*002*2022-08-05 23:48

No, she did not ask. Had she been asking, sure I'd let her go ahead.

I can't say anything and not sound like an a-hole, but we had all been waiting, and she was also kind of rude in the way she talked about the lady and kid that was in there to start with. You know like, "what's taking so long?" "are there multiple people in there?", and "my god they are twisting the door handel but not coming out?!" "what are they doing in there?" - well what do you think they are doing? ... As a parent, I know going to the bathroom with a kid takes a long time. Which is why I was patient.

Plus we all have places to go...

