Late Night With Insomnia

Author: PianistPony

*000*2017-10-24 22:00

Samantha here again, I suffer from terrible insomnia and i'm up to about 5-7am every night, my parents wake up around 6am, and there alarm goes off about 5:30am unless Snowball our dog wakes them up earlier having to go outside. I usually spend my late nights reading, sometimes I play video games and I even play the piano most nights. The room we have the piano in is sound proof so I don't have to worry about waking them up while practicing. I don't eat at night because it's not healthy and I don't really get hungry during the night.

My dad and mom usually go to bed between 11-12 at night, my family doesn't get too much sleep, I don't see it as much of an issue because I don't feel tired during the day so i'm fine with it, I enjoy the peacefulness of the night anyway. Now my parents don’t like it when i’m up late, so even if i’m not asleep I can’t really leave my room between 4-8am I usually fall asleep between 4-5 anyway. I pretend i’m sleeping when I start hearing my parents wake up, I had a bit of a problem when I wet the bed that night.

It was just another Thursday woke up around 9am to get ready for symphony practice, had breakfast and got dressed in a short blue dress, white bra, and dark blue cotton panties that have a floral pattern on them. I quickly make a short trip to the bathroom and the kitchen for some breakfast. Texting on my phone while I eat my bowl of cereal, I’m caught of guard by the clock reading 10:30, I quickly clean up and rush out of the house. I arrive at the practice hall and attend the practice as normal, practice start and ends without any issues, I start gathering my things when I notice it’s been nearing 5 hours since i’ve used the bathroom.

I give my legs a tight squeeze as I make my way out of the practice hall when i’m stopped by few members of the symphony, I stop and cross my legs as Lily asks me if I want to go out to lunch with them. I think about it before denying the invitation knowing I have to get home to use the bathroom, I apologize for turning down the offer and say I have errands I have to run today as quickly as the conversation began it ends and I swiftly make my way to my car.

After the short 25 minute drive I arrive home I make my way to the front door pee pee dancing while I open the door, I hold myself and run to the bathroom, thankfully making it without any problem. After I finish my business I make myself some lunch, some soup with crackers, I oddly haven’t had to much to eat today. After lunch I take snowball outside for a walk, we venture to the park nearby where we play fetch for a little bit. I sit on the park bench enjoying the summer sun and cool breeze, my phone rings I check the caller ID and notice it’s my mommy, I pick up and as we make dinner plans, we decide to go out to dinner instead of going food shopping tonight.

After hanging up I make my way back to the house with Snowball, I check the time as I arrive at the house 5:30pm. Relaxing on my bed, I pick up my book and read for a few minutes before my parents arrive home from work, 30 minutes later I hear the front door open. Bookmarking my page before closing the book and setting it on my nightstand I make a quick stop to the bathroom before heading down stairs to meet my parents.

We get into he car before deciding where we want to din for the night, mom had heard from her co-workers a restaurant Del Posto was very good. I look up on my phone for directions to the restaurant while reading a few reviews about it, after 30 minutes we arrive and are seated after a short wait, it’s 7pm now. We order our drinks and look at the menu, the atmosphere at Del Posto is higher class then most restaurants, everyone in attendance is either in a suit or a dress. We oder our food along with wine testing, which was very yummy I must say, after a few tests we get a few bottles for the 3 of us. We eat our dinner when it arrives, the food was very lovely, the texture of the fresh vegetables and meats that melt in your mouth from being so fresh and tender. I’m certainly glad we came here even if the prices are high, but you are paying for more then just the food when coming here, it’s more atmosphere then anything but I digress.

(if you’re interested in more about the restaurant heres a link http://delposto.com/menu/#lunch

)

We pay and take our leave, we arrive home after another 30ish minute drive, we arrive back home around 9pm, I take snowball outside when we get home, taking a short walk around the neighborhood. We walk about 20 minutes, I get home and join my parents in the living room watching the ending of the Yankee game, from the comments of my parents and lack of cheers its easy to tell they aren’t playing well tonight. Happy to live with people who are realists on stops, knowing our team isn’t going to win every game, and know there will be seasons that our teams just won’t do well, some people take sports way too far.

The Yankees end up losing the game as predicted, I notice myself squirming around in need for the bathroom, my moms notices my fidgeting and asks if everything is okay, I nod as she states she’s going to take a shower. I say goodnight to my dad who goes to sleep and go into my room, I lay on my bed still needing the bathroom I pick up my book and read while I wait for mom to finish her shower. Being able to hear the shower from my room isn’t helping my current bathroom predicament I squirm around on my bed and patiently wait, my mom finally finish her shower, and I quickly take it over to relive myself. I say goodnight to my mom as I get ready for my long night ahead, I change out of my dress and into my short pink silk nightgown.

I pick up my book and start reading it while laying in bed, after a few pages I can’t seem to get into it tonight, I close the book and decide to play my Nintendo Switch, while playing Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild my phone buzzes indicating a text. In confusion as it’s nearing 1am I pick it up and see it’s Emma, she asks what i’m doing and I respond with the exact same question, she mentions she just got off work and was bored. I pretend to me upset stating how she only texts me when she’s bored, she sends me a picture of her tongue stuck out and texting the word bitch. I giggle at the text and scold her for her bad language, she asks if I want to skype, I decline not wanting to be to loud for my parents to hear me. I continue playing video games before getting stuck on a boss, I die a few times and decide to take a break.

I sneak my way down stairs for a small glass of wine that I bring into the piano room, I close the door and place the wine glass on the piano and sit down at the piano bench. I take a look at the music thats placed upon the piano, I start playing the song, after the song I take a few sips of red wine. I continue practicing the songs for the upcoming performance, before I know it 3 hours have passed and 2 glasses of wine are gone.

I freak out realizing it’s 4:45, I shouldn’t be down here at this time I think to myself, I quickly sneak upstairs into my room and get under the covers. I close my eyes and try going to sleep to no avail, I lay there for a nearly an hour tossing a turning, the time reads 5:30. I hear my dad get up and turn the shower on, as I hear the pitter patter of the shower sitting the tub floor which triggers a signal in my brain, I immediately start squirming around and I think about how long it has been since i’ve used the bathroom last. It’s been nearly 6 hours since I last went pee and I was in desperate need for the bathroom now.

I place a pillow between my legs and tightly cross my legs around it debating on what I can do, I don’t want to get caught still awake, my parents know i’ve never woken up to use the bathroom so why would tonight be any different. Im squirming around badly not knowing what I can do, I debate about peeing in the trashcan in my room, I quickly dash that idea not wanting someone to walk in on me. My parents tend to check in on me before they leave for work, while I continue to go over my options I leak into my panties. I feel my face get red, I quickly remove the pillow and hold myself pushing the front of my nightgown tightly between my legs. 15 minutes go by, but it felt more like 3 hours, I leak really bad as I hear the shower shut off.

The pee leaked through my panties and ran down my butt and onto my bed, I know how dire my situation is now, I decide I have to wait until my dad leaves the bathroom so I can hurry and pee before I have an accident. I toss and turn getting my nightgown more wet with every leak that escapes, I can’t ponder why my dad hasn’t left the bathroom, then it clicks in my head that he’s probably shaving. I lift my nightgown now pushing my hands into the crotch of my wet panties, I leak more and the pain in my bladder is too much for me to handle. I feel my face get red as I hear a slight hissing sounds get louder, I squeeze my legs as tightly as I can around my hands desperately trying to hold back the pee to no avail. A few seconds later the hissing starts getting louder and the pee hissing out of me splashes into the growing puddle under my body.

I relax after I finish emptying my bladder, I blush in complete embarrassment of what I’ve just done, I lay there and hold a stuffed animal close and just hope it’s just a dream, I managed to fall asleep in my puddle, I woke up 3 hours later wet and cold. I get up and see the yellow stain thats currently on my bed sheets, I pull them off and put them in the washer. After I put them in the washer I make my way to the bathroom and look in the mirror, noticing more of my nightgown is dark pink almost red instead of the light pink it should be. I turn on the shower and take off my nightgown and wet panties and clean myself off. I was glad my parents never found out about my bed wetting, I try paying more attention to the time while being awake so I don’t end up in this kind of situation again.

I hope you enjoyed the story, sorry for it being so long, I know a few times during it I kind of rambled on the details. I’m interested in what you guys have to say, look forward to reading your comments. Thank you!

(if you’re interested in more about the restaurant heres a link http://delposto.com/menu/#lunch

)

- Samantha

*005*2017-10-25 16:28

{{46 minutes ago, wettingman said:

I have one question what was the purpose of the pillow between your legs? I would have thought it would make it more difficult to squeeze your legs together or hold yourself.

}}

I actually normally sleep with a pillow between my legs for comfort.

*008*2017-10-26 00:28

{{7 hours ago, Omolover094 said:

That’s a wonderful story, do you use a body pillow?

}}

No I don't use a body pillow.

