Boyfriend pisses himself (Part 1)

Author: P.P. King

*000*2022-03-17 18:32

Hello everyone! I've been a long time lurker on this lovely website. For years I've been enjoying other people's content. Some time ago I read that post complaining about how there weren't many people who enjoyed male omorashi. I'm one of them! So I thought, hey, let's join and create more male Omo content for everyone to enjoy!

I'm gonna start by telling you about a personal experience that I had in the summer of 2019. It's mid May and northern Italy (where I live) is already engulfed by the summer heat. I was dating this guy we'll call Mike. He was 21 at the time. Hot, lean body, curly hair, he kinda looked like Timmy Chalamet, just a bit less twinkish, his face a bit more like a grown man's, with a nice stubble. Beautiful sinewy arms and a tiny, hot, juicy butt. That night he was wearing a white linen shirt, sleeves rolled up to the elbows, and a pair of light blue slightly loose fit Levi's that gently hugged his butt without squeezing it. Rolled up ankles and white Adidas sneakers.

We decided we would go to a local Pub and have a few beers. I'd started telling him about my fetish a couple of weeks before and it wasn't easy. Fear of rejection, of being labeled a sick pervert, is always there. I'd started with telling him I liked piss, but I wasn't satisfied with that, of course. Because I don't just like piss. I don't really care about golden showers, and all that jazz. I like pissing myself. I like other guys pissing themselves. I like omorashi. I'm a wetter. Call it whatever you want, this is what I am. And this is what I told him the day before this story takes place, happy with myself that I had the courage to tell him the whole truth. His reaction was elusive. "Ok" he texted me. "Cool. Didn't know this was a thing." ... ... "So what do you think?" I wanted to ask him. But I didn't.

On with the story. He comes by my place at 9 pm and picks me up. "What's up?" I greet him as I slide into the car and give him a kiss on his hot stubbly cheek. "All good" he says. It was funny. I could sense a kind of tension that hadn't been there the times we'd seen each other before. I wondered if it was because of what I told him the day before.

The drive to the pub was quick and mostly silent. We didn't say much except the usual small talk. George Michael's "I'm your man" filled the silence on the radio.

We got to a small parking lot a couple of streets behind the pub and left the car there. As he removed the keys from the ignition i noticed he gave his dick a quick squeeze before getting out of the car. "Anything wrong?" I asked. "What?" He said. "Nothing" I said.

We got inside and sat into a booth in one corner of the pub. Ordered two pints. We talked about university, music and everything but... what I wanted to talk about. When the girl waiting our table came by to collect our empty glasses, we ordered another round. And that's when I noticed him again.

"What's wrong?" I asked him

"What? Nothing"

"Yeah sure. I saw you squeeze your dick in the car and you did it again just now. Plus you kinda look physically uncomfortable. Tell me what's wrong"

"Alright. Remember I told you I had class all day today, from 9 am all the way to 4 pm? Yeah... I haven't been to the bathroom since this morning. I kinda have to pee."

And just as he said that, my dick woke up from its slumber. The night had just gotten a hell of a lot more interesting.

"Yeah, I can see that. Kinda have to pee? You look like you're bursting!"

"I guess that's a more accurate way to put it" he said.

And now, with some liquid courage in my blood, I suddenly got more brave: "... You know... You can go to the bathroom anytime you want —" I leered at him.

He gave chuckle and smiled at me.

"— as long as you go to the bathroom in your pants."

END OF PART ONE.

Let me know what you think! PART 2 is on its way, it won't take long. I really hope you enjoyed this. Long live male Omo!

