My Pee Adventure as dicated by the wetset readers

Author: PuddleofmyPee

*000*2020-08-31 19:29

I have some time off and I've been going through some older saved material. I found this old story and really enjoyed reading it again. According to my notes it was posted by a "Gina" on the old Wetset forums, back on July 27, 2009. I'm reposting it here because I don't think it should be lost to time.

###

Hi all! You've spoken and I've complied. Thank you so much for voting! Well, most of you, but more on that in a second.

But first, some background. My name as you know is Gina, I live on Long Island, and I go to school here where I'm studying studio art and theater. I'm 22, 5'7" tall, black hair, dark brown eyes. I'm Latina-Colombian, both parents, although I've lived here all of my life. I work out religiously so I think I look pretty decent. I've been told I'm "caliente" quite a few times.

So, perhaps many of you are thinking I've done this for a while, or it's a "fetish" for me. While there's certainly nothing wrong with that, my motives here are slightly different, although certainly in line with the general feelings of this board. I am an art/theater student, and I have a strong interest in performance art and set pieces. Six months ago, I had an experience quite commonly referred to on these boards-I was desperate to pee at the mall, and there wasn't a restroom conveniently located. (I had two diet cokes while at lunch with some girlfriends, and left to go shopping. The nearest rest room was out of order. Not a big deal, but I certainly had to do a good deal of holding while walking to the other side of a HUGE mall.) It got me thinking about the nature of taboo in society, and the human body and one of its basest functions: urination, while also working with the interplay of color and randomness of the "wetting accident."

So I've lurked on this board, enjoyed reading your posts. I totally respect your love of peeing, but until today I have, in fact, never peed in my pants. I'm hoping to turn this initial experience into a broader range of experiences, and eventually turn it into a project. My initial twitter like post was a quick testing of the waters...no pun intended. I let a little drip into my pajama pants, but that's it. I needed to see if I could overcome years of potty training. As it turns out if I had enough liquid in me I could.

But "Gina!" you're all screaming at me in disbelieving tones, "you've never peed in your pants before, and now you're just going to go out in public and do it?!?" Yes, yes I am. I live on long island, a hideously overpopulated suburban sprawl where everyone's nearly anonymous and no one talks to each other really. I couldn't care less who sees me do this because they're never going to see me again. And besides, it's for my art. My purpose here is to enlighten, and if I titillate, that's fine as well. We're all human, and I hope to get us in deeper touch with our emotions as well as our bodies.

That being said, I'll set up the parameters here. I had taken your votes up to noon. I only accepted a strictly A,B,C,D,E answer. I appreciate some of your creativity, but my art has structure. Now, as for the idiot who responded all of the above to what I should drink: Seriously? Do you want me to die of water intoxication and alcohol poisoning? That particular person is banned from reading the rest of this post. Ok, on with what happened:

I woke up at 10:07 A.M. and got out of bed in my apartment. I had breakfast, hopped in the shower, but stayed in my pjs and watched TV until the noon. At noon, I came to my computer and did a final tally of the votes that would decide my course of action.

First thing to do: Get dressed! With 14 votes, jeans were the clear favorite here. So out of my closet I pulled a pair of True Religion Boot Cut Jeans, with a medium wash finish. Not too light, not too dark. It'll show off the fact that I'm peeing myself quite nicely. I pulled on a pair of pink Victoria Secret Cotton Panties, pulled the jeans on, and then finished it off with a brown belt. I strapped on a matching pink bra, and pulled on an express short sleeve camp lurex plaid shirt, leaving the top two buttons unbuttoned. Didn't want to be too provocative there. The focus was on a peeing myself, not my cleavage. I left it untucked as it was short enough that it wouldn't obscure the action. Everything fit perfectly and truly I was the very picture of form and function. To finish I pulled on a pair of summery open toed heels; I didn't want anything with socks...soggy feet...not even for my art.

Now, the next two options created a bit of a logistics issue. 3 Beers narrowly beat out 3 iced teas, 9 to 8, and Walmart tied with in the street, so seeing as how it is still MY adventure, I get to be my own tie breaker, so Walmart it was. Now, how do I get to Walmart safely with 3 beers in me. I'm not a lightweight per se, but I needed to drink the beers in enough succession so that I would pee all of them out. That would leave me a bit too buzzed. Kids: Buzzed driving is drunk driving!

Ok, I went to my closet and took out a little lunch box/cooler thing I had, and put it on my kitchen counter. I took a ziploc bag and filled it with some ice and put it into the insulted lunch box. Next I placed three blue point toasted lagers in the bag, and zipped it up. I grabbed the bag, then my keys, a bottle opener, and the book I'm reading and headed for Walmart. I would do the drinking in the parking lot, and read. It's Walmart! No one would notice.

I left the house at 12:54, and arrived at the parking lot at 1:17 P.M. I parked in a tree shaded corner, opened up my book, and popped open the first beer. Bottoms up! It was still wonderfully cool, and I marveled at the irony of how cool its entrance to my body was, yet how warm it would be on the way out.

You know, you'd think an attractive girl (I'm anything if not modest!) drinking beers in a car while reading a book on renaissance art would attract some sort of attention, but no, I was able to sit there, with the car idling (bad for the environment and the engine I know! I'm sorry, I hardly ever do it!) drinking my beers and enjoying myself with no one really noticing. Two cars pulled in and out of the adjacent space while I did my drinking and preparation.

At 2:04 P.M. I finished my final beer. It was good, I was in fact buzzed slightly, but that was fine, because let's face it, 90% of the people who shop at Walmart are usually drunk off their asses, so...Anyway, most importantly, I had a pretty healthy urge to pee at this time also, and it was only going to get more intense. I opened up the car door, got out, and walked toward the superstore. I was pleased to see it was reasonably crowded. Quite a few people milling outside; the greeter said hello to me as I entered, and I cheerfully returned his greeting.

Once in Walmart, a myriad of choices arose to meet me. Where the hell was I actually going to do this? I wanted a lot of people to see me, and I wanted to do it on a tiled area because I didn't want to make clean-up for someone probably making minimum wage with no benefits too difficult. For the moment, I strolled about, looking at some clothing and shoes. I had to pee pretty badly, but I wondered if it was as bad as I would have to pee. I certainly couldn't stand still for too long. As I was wandering through housewares, perhaps in a slight waddle, I grabbed myself reflexively and I realized that in fact I had never had to pee so badly in my life. My buzz had wound itself down, but all of the beer and alcohol had wandered into my bladder. I realized this with perfect clarity, and under normal circumstances someone not trying to make a statement would be in an absolute panic. Hell if this happened to me yesterday on a regular shopping trip I might've been panicked.

As it stood though, I took a moment to savor my situation, and really feel things. I crossed my legs, and bent over slightly, noticing a stare I got from a middle aged woman down the aisle from me. I felt the heaviness of my bladder pushing against my tummy. But it wasn't just that. I luxuriated in how good the denim of my tight jeans felt against my legs. How it was dry for now. I loved how the cotton of my shirt felt on every square inch of my upper body. How my breasts felt against my bra, and how they gently pushed against the top of my shirt, causing a slight parting where the buttons fastened. I felt the air conditioning gently rippling cool waves of air on my exposed arms. I especially loved the click clack of my heels on the floor as I hopped from foot to foot while I pretended to look at the pots and pans, while the middle aged woman glanced at me oddly one more time before her husband joined her, also staring, before they went back to perusing merchandise.

And then, I felt wonderfully free. No, I didn't pee in my pants yet. I considered it, but this wasn't quite right. Not enough people. I would hold on...but if I couldn't quite hold on, it wouldn't be the big deal it might've been. Not like it was for most people; it would've been an imperfection in my art, but not a horrible embarrassment. And that was an amazing feeling of freedom right there.

But then I turned around and walked/waddled hurriedly to the end of the aisle, desparate now to let the building, almost unbearable yet still pleasant pressure recede, and saw the perfect opportunity. There diagonally across from where I stood, was customer service, just to the left of the check out lines. PERFECT! The check out lines had a lot of people, but they were closed in and views were limited. The customer service desk though was a loose assembly of eight people standing in line with two people behind the counter.

I threw decorum to the wind, pressed my hand tight between my legs (because that was the only way I was going to hold on and pee when I wanted to pee) and did some sort of hybrid run, limp, waddle that was necessitated out of the deep pressure of my bladder and my hand pressed so tightly between my legs to the customer service desk. Everyone in sight of me gave me a look now, perhaps in disbelief that I had let myself get in such a position. Customer service was only perhaps twenty feet from when I made the run waddle limp for it, but I felt every click clack of my heels against the floor as it jolted up my legs towards my bladder, but I still held on.

I cut right past everyone in line, but they didn't seem to mind as they knew what my issue was. They looked on bemused. I removed my hand from my crotch, and put both hands on the counter, leaning while I pressed my legs together. Breathlessly I asked the teenager working there,

"Where's your bathroom, please?"

He was a about 17 and I managed to genuinely embarrass him just by asking in such a state. I think perhaps his brain exploded slightly from the contradiction of a very attractive girl peering deep into his eyes asking him, desperately and with intense desire for something like he's never been asked before, and the nature of what I was actually asking for.

"Uh..." he replied at first.

"Please!" I begged him, trailing off in a little whimper.

"It's all the way at the back of aisle 18."

"Oh god ...ok, thanks." I replied, knowing full well the restroom was quite far from customer service.

And now we enter the endgame.

I turned around, quickly, placing my right hand firmly back between my legs, and started off. Two more people, a man and a woman had gotten in line since my brief exchange with the flustered customer service boy. I waddled past their stares and stopped three steps past the end of the line.

Men's clothing was directly in front of me, and there was quite a few shoppers in full view of me as well. They were about to get a show.

I stopped abruptly, took my hand from my crotch, and let it drop to my side. I parted my legs slightly, stood bolt upright and exclaimed (almost truthfully at the moment, but not quite)

"Oh God! I couldn't hold it anymore!"

And then came the flood of sweet, sweet relief. I was peeing my jeans, in front of fifteen people, and I had announced it for everyone. (and oh god, wouldn't know it, it felt really good! amazing even.) And there was silence, shocked silence, and shocked stares. I felt the eyes of the customer service line on me at my back, and could see all eyes on me from menswear. Well two women averted their glance quickly and rushed off. All I could hear was the hiss of urine sluicing down the legs of my jeans. Soon it was joined with a light pitter patter as it made the journy down my legs to make a lake of pee around my feet. And the feeling! Oh the relief...and the warmth and wetness. It was a sudden blossoming of warm moist pee as it soaked my crotch and started to cascade down my legs. I think I played the part well, I put my hands to my face, covering up in mock embarrassment.

"Oh...my god...I am so sorry...I can't stop...I just wanted to pick up some printer paper and some eggs!"

I started crying, "oh...oh...my jeans..."

I lowered my hands slowly, still peeing, still enjoying the rushing warmth, and relishing how the pressure in my mid section was lessening the wetter my jeans got. The onlookers had gone from being shocked to showing some concern, yet no one dared approach this odd peeing girl to comfort her.

I braved a look at my jeans...Ah! I had soaked myself. They certainly weren't a medium blue anymore! They were full on dark blue from all the pee I was letting loose. I especially loved the little mini water falls that formed at the bottom of my jeans, emptying into Lake Gina Pee on the white tile floor. It was mostly clear due to the three bottles of beer I drank in quick succession.

"ohhh....I've wet myself...oh god their soaked...this is..."I trailed off sobbing now. Finally, a matronly looking woman in the middle of the customer service line approached me from the side, starting in with, "It's ok..."

But I had finally stopped peeing then, and before she could finish turned, and ran out of the store sobbing, past the check out line, where now everyone could see me, and they stared in shock, amazement, pity. The outer part of my legs were dry, but otherwise it was VERY obvious that I had full on peed my pants even if they hadn't heard my announcement.

I exited the store, still keeping in character. I ran through the parking lot, still weeping and sobbing as fast as I could in my heels, getting a few more stares from customers leaving and coming in. I wiped mock tears from my face, and finally made it back to my car. Hhhmmm, I felt the need to pee more. Well, what the hell it was going cold by now and I was soaked already. I let loose and had another thirty seconds of pleasant warmth flood down my legs, a small stream running under my car as it ran down my legs completely.

Alright, the experimental performance was a success, what do you think?

