Long walk with shy girlfriend

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2021-03-25 00:38

I've currently only written fiction for this site. I'm in the middle writing one at the moment, but have hit a bit of a creative rut and so though I would instead share a experience I had once (though I will finish them in due course). Of course, all fiction is ultimately rooted in realism and this story often sits at the back of my mind when I'm short of inspiration. I want to begin my emphasising that this experience is entirely true, though names and small details will be changed for obvious reasons. I consider myself lucky to have been present as these events played out.

I was seeing Victoria for about a year. She was a university student in Exeter, which is in the south west of the UK. Physically she was petite, with shoulder length black curly hair. 20 years old. She was fairly short and today was wearing a short pleated skirt that fell above her knees, knee socks and a knitted white top. Victoria was also shy, we had been dating for over a year and on many instances she had rushed into the loo as soon as got home, exclaiming how she had been holding for ages, without ever once admitting her need to me beforehand. I once asked why, and she said she found admitting to needing a wee mortifying. This is important context to the development of this experience.

It was a beautiful summer's day and Victoria and I were drinking beers in a pub garden. She had had at least two pints before we were due to set out on a walk around a nearby area of countryside. As we got up to leave I found myself shocked that she hadn't decide to use the ladies before we headed out. I myself know that after two pints I will need to pee sooner rather than later. This proved to be a massive error of judgement for Victoria.

It was around 30 minutes later than I realised that myself was going to have to stop. Even though I had gone to the loo beforehand, the pints I had drank had quickly filtered through me, and i was now bursting. As we walked past another pub I admitted my need to Victoria and hurried inside, rushing to urinal in a slight panic. Relief.

As I left the gents I found Victoria looking slightly distracted, looking over to her right of the bar. I told her I was done and we were free to continue, relaxed after my desperate experience. She bit her lip slightly and left the pub in front of me. As we left I wondered what Victoria had been looking at and took a glance at the area beyond the bar. I noticed a short queue for a ladies bathroom. My heart rate quickened slightly, had Victoria been waiting for the loo as well but was too shy to mention? I had wondered how it would be possible for me to become so desperate only for Victoria to not feel a thing?

###

40 minutes had passed on our walk. We were walking around a lake and the weather was truly stunning. I was relaxed and content. I had waited for any signs of Victoria needing the loo to become apparent but none had shown. Slightly disappointed, I concluded that her bladder must have been larger that I first thought, certainly much bigger than my own.

As I took a seat overlooking the lake I admired the view, expecting Victoria to join. But she didn't. Without her realising I noticed her stand behind me checking her watch and closing her eyes looking to the sky, with her knees buckled. I could recognise that sign a million miles away. Nevertheless I asked if everything was okay, to which Victoria replied word for word

"I just kinda need to pee"

Now as I started the story by explaining, this was the first time Victoria has ever voiced any need to pee to me. I had seen how she would ignore her need until she literally ran into a bathroom without voicing her concerns, so the fact she had peaked my interest.

I wondered if she was saying that because she was just genuinely starting to need to go and knew we were MILES from anywhere or whether she was genuinely desperate, and admitting to me was one of the last stages.

It was less that a quarter of an hour later and I had my answer. Victoria out of nowhere said again, word for word

"God, I have to pee so bad"

My heart nearly stopped. What was she going to do? We were a long way away from anywhere and here was this really shy women who had just admitted to me that she was desperate to wee.

I asked what she wanted to do, and she laughed nervously.

"To be honest we are going to have to make finding a toilet for me a priority. I'm sorry, but I have to go so bad" she said, crossing her long legs and grabbing the seam of her skirt. This was the first physical sign of desperation she had openly displayed to me. I was shocked at just how tightly her legs were intwined, she nearly got off balance as she entered her new pose.

I tried to stay calm, but honestly it was difficult. I got up Google maps and Victoria asked with an urgency in her voice -

"Just pick the shortest route back, or to uni, whatever is quickest, I'm so sorry"

The nearest toilets were on her campus, but I couldn't believe what Google was telling me - a 25 minute walk. I told Victoria and I could see her eyes literally widen as I told her the news. She clearly was not at all prepared for that sort of wait time, before immediately uncrossing and recrossing her legs. I could tell from this reaction that Victoria was genuinely BURSTING for a wee and really urgently wanted relief.

"Oh my god, as are going to have to hurry please"

......

The next 20 minutes I was witnessing what I assumed to be the closest thing I got to genuine accidental desperation in a shy person. Victoria had stopped speaking, presumably to help her concentrate. Occasionally I would hold her hand and find it drenched in sweat. We were walking at a urgent pace, Victoria's hands often sat clenched or tapping the side of her short skirt. As we got closer I asked how she was and she simply replied

"Panicking"

I plucked up the courage to ask if she could wait and she said, in a nervous and strained voice

"Yes but it will be super close, can we please just go faster"

Her reply was short and snappy in tone, and I realised that the level of sheer desperation she was enduring had began to become frustrating.

....

As we approached the uni, now visible in sight, I could literally hear Victoria's short and shaking breaths. Her concentration levels were clearly maxed to the limit and she was already rummaging in her purse for her campus card that would give her access. I think she knew that she couldn't afford to stand still as she searched for it at the entrance doors, so was being ultra prepared

As the building loomed in front of us Victoria turned to me and said

"I'm just going to run ahead, you wait here, I'm sorry again"

Without even waiting for me to reply she began jogging in front of me, making a final dash to the toilets. As Victoria raced up the steps to the entrance, I noticed her small pink knickers on show up her short skirt and wondered if they had stayed completely dry.

As I waited outside, I sat and reflected on the fact that was probably some of the most genuine desperation I had ever seen. I was glad I had witnessed it, but was also glad that Victoria was probably inside relieving herself now. After all, this is always a fine line between excitement and a genuine feeling of not wanting anyone to be genuinely humiliated, particularly someone you care about

.......

Two minutes later and Victoria was back - though something was clearly wrong, a obviously pained facial expression etched all over her face

"The toilets were shut"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, surely these sort of events only occured in fiction. They didn't happen in real life right?

"I'm literally going to cry, I'm SO desperate to pee it's unbelievable"

Victoria began to dance in front of me, and the way she emphasised the words "so" drilled it home that she was reaching the end of her tether

I asked how much longer she could wait

"Honestly not long at all, I need to get to a loo now, I've never experienced anything close to this bad"

.....

Five minutes later and we were into another building which was round the corner. Victoria buzzed in dancing on the spot and immediately dropped her bag on the corridor floor and ran into a disabled loo that was in the reception area. My last glance of this bursting shy girl was her looking down at the toilet as she opened the door and then, presumably thinking I was out of sight, her hands dag into her crotch under her skirt.

Crash

Seconds later I heard the toilet seat drop and a hissing of pee that echoed round the building hallway. It was so loud. I could hear both her gushing wee splashing into the toilet bowl, but also the hissing as it escaped Victoria's shaved pussy. Victoria relieved herself for well over a minute before gingerly walking out. Trembling she explained to me about how much of a close call that was - as if I wasn't aware!

.....

A 10 minute walk back to her room and Victoria had to excuse herself immediately as we got in.

"I'm sorry, I've just got to go again"

I was amazed at how much more wee I could hear leaving her tired body again, clearly a sizeable amount that had been 'left over' from her first relief.

....

Naturally, this saga had turned me on considerably and we had a good sex life. It wasn't long after that we were both naked and I went down on her. I could strongly taste and smell pee , even on the inside of her thigh. I realised that Victoria must have been so desperate she hadn't made it without at least a couple of leaks.

......

That concludes my first write up of my firstl genuine experience of frantic experience. It's a memory I hold dear and I hope you enjoy it as well. Feel free to comment or ask questions below!

