The pee revenge

Author: Pre94peereveng

*000*2022-01-23 10:09

Once myself and my friend planned to travel to a mall. Her brother joined us (unfortunately). We were supposed to travel in his car. He forced her to go with him as he wanted to test his brand new car. Though i wasn't ok with it i joined for my friend's sake. He's known for being uncaring about others and selfish to the core. As the mall is far away and requiring about 5 hours travel and the climate was hot, we packed lot of juice bottles. He kept everything with himself and drank 2 bottles as he carried gatorde bottles in which he can pee without even giving us one juice bottle. He told like he's not willing to stop anywhere incase if we need to defecate.

After an hour I felt so thirsty that I snatched 2 bottles from him and drank. He warned me like he won't stop even if I get desparate. I coolly said that he should if i need to or otherwise he will face the consequences. Within an hour 2 bottles of juices reached my bladder and I asked him to stop the car in a nearby loo. Though there was a loo he refused to stop thinking to bother me as I didn't listen to his warning not to drink juice before. In another half hour my bladder was so full as he turned on the AC too and was about to explode. I asked him to stop for second time but he didn't.

Poor guy! Now he had to face the consequence . I simply pulled down my pants, relaxed myself and began to pee in the car itself. As I drank a lot, my pee was gushing like a fountain. A small pe lake was formed in his brand new car. His pearl white seat turned yellowish.

Wow! What a feel of relief! Hot pee running in an AC car! He turned with an angry look! I jus pulled my pants up and moved to dry place in seat.

A complete staisfaction of both defecation and revenge

