Unexpected Wetting

Author: PeeingPearl

*000*2020-03-21 10:00

Hi there! This is my first post but I’ve been a lurker for a while, this isn’t my first wetting experience, but I’ll share it with you anyway, enjoy.🙂

I was casually reading some omo in bed, witch made me need to pee, at around 10.20pm I decided to roll over, witch made me realise how much I actually needed to pee, I rolled onto my front holding my vagina through my pj’s with both hands, at this point I was quite sore, but grabbed my phone with one hand and continued reading, still holding with one hand.

After about 10 minutes I really needed to go, and was worried I would wet my favourite pj’s. So I got up and changed, I was starting to really feel it as I grabbed some towels, I placed the towels down and realised I was starting to leak, I was sore, but also exited. I sat down and decided to try and hold it as long as I could, seeing if I could have a real accident.

6 minutes later and I’m about a 5/10 Starting to twitch and squirm a little.

One minute later and I’ve got my knees together and physically holding my vagina, quickly from a 5 to a 6. Did I mention that my parents are asleep, so I was doing this off a dim torchlight, and my phone.

At 10.40pm I start to wonder how much longer I can hold it, debating weather to just let go. I quickly decide I’ll hold on a little longer, at least until I reach 9.

Another minute passes and I leak again, not much, but it’s a sign...

At 10.42pm I feel like I’m loosing control, but only to a little bit more leaking.

10.43pm and I’m struggling to hold it, another leak, hurting still, I decide to cross my legs. Relaxing a little, but still able to hold it.

10.44pm and struggling to hold it much longer, almost losing control.

10.45pm and I lose it, the stream is steady, I try to stop it but not much happened. I was glad that the carpet is black, so if it did soak through the towel there wouldn’t be any visible sign of me wetting.

I pee for a good minute or 2, a few leaks as I take my wetting pj’s off.

I wasn’t able to hold it long, witch was a little bit disappointing😕, but I also didn’t want to be in to much pain. Not my best wetting experience, but I decided to share it as my first post anyway.🙂

(I took pics but can’t figure out how to put them on here sorry.)

