Pants Peeing and Puddles Where Parked

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2018-09-18 05:04

Heyya!! It occurred to me recently that I haven't done a proper wetting in ages...so I changed that today! Hope you all enjoy!! If you're just here for the pee action and don't care about the buildup, jump to paragraph 6!

When I got home from work today, I discovered I needed to run to the store for groceries, but really wasn't in the mood for it. I was, however, in the mood for some pee fun so I came up with a compromise: I'd suck it up and go to the store, but with a challenge. I would chug at least two bottles of water before going in and I wasn't allowing myself to use the store restrooms. Suddenly feeling less down about grocery shopping, I changed out of my work clothes and into some tight jeans, a cute white top, and my designated "pee shoes". Not yet sure whether I'd end up wetting or make it back from the store without a drop in my panties, I moved the towel from my car trunk (is it bad that I keep one there for these occasions? ) to my passenger seat as a precaution. Then I grabbed a couple water bottles and set off, intentionally neglecting to visit the toilet beforehand.

At about 6:15, I pulled into the store parking lot, cracked open a bottle, and downed it quickly. I was pretty thirsty, so the first went down pretty easily, but I struggled with the second, barely managing to choke down half of it. Nearly feeling nauseous from the sudden bombardment of fluids, I opted to cut my stomach some slack instead of sticking to my original plan. A bottle and a half would have to do. Excited, I climbed out of my car, water slashing around my innards.

For the first 30 or so minutes, it didn't feel like a challenge at all. I intentionally stalled a little simply because I was worried I'd finish shopping before having any fun. Not long after, my fears were laid to rest. It was probably about 6:50 when the first inklings of urge were making themselves known. I pushed them to the back of my mind and carried on with my task, humming softly to myself like nothing was unusual. Another 10 minutes and I was at the point where I'd normally excuse myself to the ladies' room for the sake of comfort, but I wasn't aiming to be comfortable today . Seemingly only another five minutes passed and I was shocked at how mercilessly my kidneys were shoveling fluid at my bladder.

Beginning to recognize the mistake I'd made in stalling, I picked up the pace, now hoping I'd be able to get out in time! Minutes ticked by and I began to notice myself fidgeting a little. The excitement was building. I felt little bursts of adrenaline, pumped by the speeding thud thud thud of my heart, and I imagined them coinciding with spurts of urine into my quickly-filling bladder. A sense of naughtiness filled me as I looked around at the other shoppers, blissfully unaware of how intensely sensual every pulsating second was. This pushed me even harder. Desperation was on the horizon and I was going to meet it. I stepped into the fruit isle and, after glancing around to ensure nobody could see, danced a little in place, trying to relieve the pressure. It didn't help. Quickly, I loaded my cart, hardly taking the time to consider if I were actually out of what I was buying.

Finally, I was finished. I glanced at my watch. 7:20. By then, I hadn't merely met desperation. It consumed me. I raced to the self-check out as quickly as my fluid-overloaded state permitted without leaking all over the floor. My heart dropped when I arrived and saw a small line. By now, I couldn't even conceal my state. I'm sure I either looked like I was going to have a massive anxiety attack and crumple onto the floor in fetal position, or someone more perceptive might accurately guess that I was about to catastrophically explode the contents of my bladder everywhere.

When it seemed nobody was looking I discreetly (probably not nearly as discreetly as I hoped) pushed my hand into my crotch, bouncing up and down all the while. Honestly, I probably looked like one of the characters from The Sims when they're desperate! ...Beep. Beep. Beep. Please check your basket and scan additional items now. I wanted to scream! After an eternity – Really only 30 or so seconds. Trust me. I was watching my watch as though it could make a difference – it was my turn. Every tick...tick...tick... of the second hand was drip...drip...drip... into my bladder.

I scanned my items furiously, eying the nearby ladies room jealously, wondering if I should just give it up. No. I turned my gaze back to the items I was practically violently throwing into my cart. Beep. Beep. Beep. Please check your bask – I hit the button before it could finish and ran my card through before it fully processed. Suddenly, I thought I felt a dampness between my legs. Mortified, my heart seized as I looked down and patted myself down there. Nope. Nothing. My mind was playing tricks on me. COME ON. I muttered exasperatedly under my breath, afraid the next time would be real... ...FINALLY. I didn't even remember to grab my receipt. I gripped my cart, fingers turning white, and hobbled as quickly as I could for the exit. The automatic doors could hardly open quickly enough as I barrelled through, my bladder threatening to give out any second. If I can just get to my car. I'm right. there. behind. that. truck...

As I staggered to my car, I didn't even have time to make sure I was out of sight. Crying – even now I'm not sure why, whether agony, relief, embarrassment, pleasure, or some divine amalgamation of the four – I threw myself against the driver side door as a flood of warmth gushed between my legs. This time it was real. As I buried my face in my arms and the thick, brunette swaths of my hair, the searing hiss of urine jetting into my instantly-soaked panties tickled my ears. The tantalizing rush teased my lady bits and swiftly overtook my butt. I trembled, resigning myself to the inexorable torrent below.

The confines of my panties were no match for the cascades that soon crawled down quivering thighs, carving intricate rivers toward the ocean of pavement. I let out an involuntary moan and shivered, quite separately from the shaking. My knees seemed to give out and I dropped into a squat, still afraid to open my eyes or lift my gaze from the haven of my arms and hair. I silently prayed nobody could see me – or if they could, that they wouldn't dare approach. Meanwhile, the stream of urine now pooling in the butt of my jeans and leaking onto the pavement below with a gentle patter showed little sign of relenting.

Adrenaline coursed through me and the sheer beating of my heart seemed to force the pee out. Wiping the tears that soaked my face as thoroughly as the pee soaked my crotch, I opened my eyes to the blurry world, begging for nobody to be witnessing this. Miraculously, nobody was. I had heard the occasional car drive by, but nobody seemed to notice the woman peeing herself between her car and a large truck in the middle of the parking lot. I gave thanks and fell to a sitting position, my bladder stores finally approaching depletion. Sniffling, I looked around and found myself sitting in the midst of a massive puddle, soaked from my crotch to my socks. Still quivering, I smiled weakly to myself, realizing how badly I missed this. Everything finally came to a spurting end...sort of. I was hydrated enough that it seemed to replenish before I could truly finish.

Finally I called it good enough and climbed to my knees, the puddle beneath me tinkling gently as I rose. My jeans clung to me jealously, emphasizing nearly every detail of my legs. Then I looked up and realized I'd fully soaked myself without even loading my groceries up... I sat in silence for a brief moment, cursing myself and pondering how to load my car and replace the cart without arousing suspicion with my completely saturated groin, butt, and...well...everything waist-down. With no better option, I wrapped my towel around my waist, no doubt looking completely mental, loaded my car, prayed I wouldn't run into anyone I know, and returned the cart to a nearby rack.

Trying to shield my tear-streaked face, I didn't look around at anyone, but I could feel the strange looks as "this crazy lady was walking through the parking lot with a towel around her waist". I returned to my car, emptied my bladder again, a several-second stream rewarming the now-cold crotch of my panties and teasing my ladies bits even more, and climbed into my car, the towel still strategically wrapped around my lower half.

By the time I returned to my apartment, I had to pee again. Not nearly as badly of course, but it was definitely there. Sneakily, I pulled in behind the dumpster, where nobody could peek out of a window at me. Quickly, I removed the towel, jumped out, and wet myself yet again. Then I replaced the towel, drove to my usual parking spot, and made a mad dash to my door so I could change before someone could inquire about my ridiculous circumstances. It was tough to restrain myself from tending to things "down there" before bringing my groceries in, but I managed to refrain long enough to get everything in and start up a hot (in more ways than one ) shower.

*008*2018-09-28 00:22

{{On 9/18/2018 at 5:16 AM, Pyrocat91 said:

Thanks for sharing. You are a really great writer. I was right there with you the whole time.

}}

Thank you!! I'm glad you liked it!

{{On 9/19/2018 at 1:24 AM, derektor_2000 said:

Gawd I like this scenario! Looking forward to more of our Heroine's adventures.

Peace,

Derek

}}

Thanks!! You can count on more in the future!!

{{On 9/19/2018 at 5:29 AM, dudelobowski said:

Lots of description in those paragraphs, they really set the scene. Especially with all the metaphors.

}}

Thank you!!

{{On 9/20/2018 at 2:36 AM, wettingman said:

Excellent story, thank you for sharing.

What if someone like say me who shares you enjoyment of desperation and wetting, noticed and complimented you?

}}

I think I would be too completely and utterly shocked to respond like a rational human being! Haha!

