The time my girlfriend peed her pants in the car

Author: Progamb99

*000*2023-09-01 13:47

Sorry I haven’t posted in a while. I’ve been really busy and haven’t had much time to get on. The website is some of you may have seen in my previous stories of true accidents, and holds by various girls that have been in my life. The story here perhaps it might be my favorite one that I’ve ever written, and experienced.

The story is about the same girl that I’ve written about previously. She has done many holds in the past intentionally and unintentionally. A lot of times whenever we’re going somewhere in public or with friends accidents never happen. She’s usually able to make it just fine even though there have been some close calls.

So we had a Christmas party that we were heading to that was about an hour away. We were staying the night in this hotel that the party was being held at and had full intentions of drinking quite a bit of alcohol, and just having a great time one of her friends was going to be riding in the vehicle with us and both of them wanted to drink and pregame a little bit before we even left so, of course, this sparked an idea in my head, I had convinced her to drink some water while she was getting ready and getting dressed before her friend got there, and before we left, knowing that that water would likely hit her during our drive. I don’t remember the exact times of how this played out but I’m gonna give you a rough idea so her friend was about 20 minutes away. It was about 340-ish p.m. and I convinced her to go ahead and chug a water bottle now and usually just one water is enough to get her desperate because her bladder is quite small as you’ve heard in my previous stories.

She managed to get the water completely drank by the timer friend got there around 4 o’clock. They both wanted to stop at the liquor store as soon as we left so that we could get some Smirnov’s so they can have a couple while we were driving there her friend also asked to stop at the Dollar General to get some other goodies, both of these stores for quite close to my house we had arrived of those around 415 or so, and had an hour drive ahead of us we all went to the liquor store, got our drinks and then stopped at the Dollar General for her friend while her friend was in Dollar General. She looked at me and said “dude I already have to pee a little bit.”

Of course, my heart started to raise a little bit because I knew we had an hour drive ahead of us and she had already started drinking one of her Smirnov‘s while we were in the parking lot waiting for her friend on this drive, there are literally like no places to stop hardly anywhere there’s a couple small little gas stations in the middle but that’s about it, we hit the road as soon as her friend comes out and my girlfriend Casey had already finished her first Smirnoff and mind you.

We are still probably 45 to 50 minutes away from this hotel we’re going to we continue driving on Jamming to some music having our own little concert in the car. About 20 minutes later in between song, she speaks up and says.” Ugh I have to pee really bad.” Her friend also states that she has to pee a little bit as well and they both would like to stop if possible so we take our exit and this hotel is probably 20 minutes off of the exit. I can visibly see that my girlfriend is getting a little anxious and at this point she’s squirming, bouncing and holding herself.

We go to pull into a gas station in lo and behold and Lucky me it is closed so I could see the panic in my girlfriends face a little bit because I knew she was starting to get pretty desperate. I would guesstimate she was somewhere in the eight out of 10 range. I’ll tell her. Hey I’ll just speed. I’ll get us there as quick as I can just hold on. We get about another 10 minutes down the road we’re roughly 15 minutes away from the hotel and she completely stop some music and blurt out loudly “you guys I’m literally about to P my pants we’ve got a find somewhere to stop.” Her Friend was like “same girl same” but there’s nowhere to stop until we get to our hotel, so I am absolutely over the moon with excitement because I know what’s most likely about to happen given our distance and how quickly her desperation will grow especially if she’s drinking alcohol.

About 5 to 10 minutes or so after her last boarding out, she speaks up again this time with sheer panic in her voice. “ guys I’m dead serious. If we don’t pull over I’m literally going to pee in my fucking pants right now I have to go so freaking bad.” all want to see both of her beautiful legs bouncing up and down while she’s squirms and dances and holds with her everything she has. My heart is literally in my throat. I’m just so excited about what I can tell. It’s going to happen any second.

She’s never had an accident in front of any of her friends, and has hardly ever even spoke about it to anyone so the fact that this was about to happen was just unheard of, and so exciting and exhilarating for me I start to look for a place to pull over, just to appease her, but I know that there’s literally not gonna be anything. A couple more minutes go by and we are probably still about 10 minutes away from our hotel and she screams at you guys a litter. I just peed a little bit. “We need to pull over right now. I seriously cannot hold us anymore.” And a couple seconds.

After that the inevitable happens she screams fuck fuck fuck I look over and I seeP starting to puddle between her legs in the seat of her car. She’s completely pissing herself right now in front of her friend and me. And sadly which really did break my heart because I didn’t want to humiliate her, but she starts crying like crazy, her black pantyhose and dress are clearly soaked. And I can tell she’s absolutely embarrassing humiliated, which truly did break my heart but also at the same time it was so exciting that I had this halfway enjoy it too, and I knew that she would after the fact just in that moment, it was very tense for her to say the least.

Unfortunately, we did not have anything else for her to change into because we just took pajamas and casual clothes for the way home the next day so we didn’t have to turn around and go get her changed so that kind of change the temperature of the room that night but regardless, when we finally arrived at the hotel, we had an amazing time and to be honest, we had some of the best sex in my life at night. Sorry if that’s TMI but we both looking back enjoyed the absolute hell out of what we just did.

