A 100% completely and totally true story (sorta)

Author: PantersPeeNuts

*000*2023-11-17 04:44

TLDR: In college I got dared by my three closest friends (all female) to pee in my pants, but I said I would only do it if one of them did it too. Comedy and wetness ensued.

This story is true. But to protect the innocent (and/or guilty), names and locations have been changed, along with the general time period. I have also exaggerated some inconsequential things (like the distance to my house), and outright changed some major things, like the timing (which in reality happened over several days, but is portrayed here as all happening in one night) to make it easier to follow and enjoy. A good example of this is the "when was the last time you wet your pants" discussion, which in reality took place over many months, with each person separately, but I have combined them all into this one night. But the core of the story, and the number of people and wet pairs of pants, is as accurate as I can remember it. (I helps that I wrote about it in my diary when it happened, which is why I know the amount of detail I do, after so much time.)

This story is long, but I'm going to tell it all in one go, instead of dividing it, because I hate when I read a story that doesn't finish. (I'm not a fast reader, and it takes me about 35 minutes.) I have also told it in such a way that my gender isn't revealed, in case it allows the reader more enjoyment to imagine the storyteller being X or Y. Or Zee. (My profile contains my actual gender, if you want to see.)

It all happened during spring semester at Gleeson University, a small liberal arts college in almost the exact center of the USA. I was a first year graduate student, and had made some fast but long-lasting friends. By mid-March, three quarters of the way through the school year, we were a tight-knit group. The four of us were part of a larger group of seven (one additional girl and two guys; we'll call them Ree, Dack, and Ted), but they're only barely relevant to the events below.

Vicki was a second year master's student who had done her bachelor's at Gleeson also. Natalie and Kaitlyn were both seniors in their undergrad, and had met Vicki the year before, but were not really close until this year. I won't comment on the degree that I and Vicki were pursuing, but I'll be honest and say that Nat and Kaitlyn were both theater majors. I loved hanging out with theater kids, as they were generally attractive, confident, and would pretty much try anything once. Natalie and Kaitlyn were also wicked smart, and enjoyed hanging out with us "normal" people, probably because we were older, and knew the ropes.

Both of them were interested in the master's program, so I'm sure that played a role too. But we were genuine friends, and not just in college. I lost contact with Natalie over the years, but Kaitlyn and I still chat occasionally, and Vicki and I dated for a while many years later when we reconnected, and are still friends. None of them ever knew of my omo fetish, which was already in full bloom, but I had not yet shared it with anyone.

Vicki was about 5'2" tall (1.6 meters - you're welcome NotAmerica!), and she was half Irish, half Italian, and all Roman Catholic. She had no discernable accent (unlike her parents), and had dark curly hair. She was as headstrong as she was competitive, and loved Star Wars and The Hitchhiker's Guide. I loved her immediately. On the night in question she was wearing medium-light colored jeans, and crocks.

Kaitlyn was what she called "half red-head", in that she had the classic light skin and some freckles, but her moderately long hair was mostly light brown with only a twinge of red. She was 5'5 (1.63m), ever so slightly plump, and was from somewhere in the southern US, with a slight drawl at times. She was brilliant at doing accents and imitating people, and was a fantastic actress. She loved Shakespeare, and was gaga for Kenneth Branagh. She was wearing thin cream colored pants that went almost down to her ankles, and sandals, with socks.

As undergrads, Kaitlyn and Natalie shared a room in one of the off-campus "dorms" on the same side of town as Vicki. They were more like shared apartments, with separate rooms and common bathrooms, but they were owned by the school, so everyone called them dorms. Natalie was the baby of the group, in that she was both several months younger than Kaitlyn, and also only 5'0 (1.5m) tall, and thin. We actually called her "baby" sometimes, but it was a term of endearment, not implying she was immature. True, she was the most childlike, innocent, and free-spirited of all of us, but as an actress, she knew how to commit, and was a fierce force onstage.

She had very long dark, straight hair, down almost to her waist, and could really rock pigtails, but this night she wore it down, with a headband above her ears to keep it out of her face. She was the very definition of the word "cute". She loved The Simpson's, South Park, and Star Trek. She was wearing long pale blue denim overalls, with tapered legs, and white socks with sneakers. I should also mention that Natalie was not only a virgin, but had never masturbated, something I learned from Kaitlyn, and swore not to let on that I knew. I assumed it was a religious thing, but I never knew for sure.

I myself (henceforth known as Pan) am on the tall side, with straight sandy-blonde hair and blue eyes. I lived close to Vicki, and usually walked to her place, even though I had a car. This night I was wearing a pair of light tan pants that I had never peed in before, but had worn once or twice and washed. I loved these pants so much I bought two pair. They were like khakis, but made of softer material, and very comfy, as well as stylish. I was also wearing white socks and tennis shoes. All of us were wearing shirts or blouses, the color of which is lost to memory, and I'm reasonably sure all of us were wearing underwear.

So, it's a Tuesday evening, and the four of us were hanging out at Vicki's apartment, about a 15-minute drive from campus. One or two of the other guys in our group were supposed to be there too, but something came up. We had met to eat pizza and watch a movie, The Red Violin, which Vicki had on DVD. We were all enchanted by the story, and we talked about it at length afterward, while polishing off the pizza. Most of us were either off the next day, or had late morning classes, so none of us was overly concerned about getting home late. After the movie, we started a game of trivial pursuit, got bored after about 30 minutes from our lack of progress, and played a few other games for a while. Then, about 10pm, just as I thought we might be done for the night, Natalie or Kaitlyn (I don't remember which) said she had a game in the car she wanted to try.

I genuinely don't remember the name of this game. It was either an early incarnation of the "Against Humanity" series, or some "Would you Rather" or "Never Have I Ever" kind of thing. Each card had a "have you ever"-type question on one side, and a dare on the other, which perhaps was intended to be a forfeit you had to pay if you didn't want to answer the question. Since we only had four people, we decided not to play in teams, but instead would put three against the one who was "it", answering questions about "have you ever" situations, and sometimes taking the dare instead. Sometimes we'd lay out 7 or so cards of embarrassing things, and ask how many of those had happened to each of us. These led to some great stories, of all types. Some fun things happened in the dare department, too. I know two of them kissed each other, and somebody mooned us at some point, but it wasn't until the last round that this story really begins.

Despite only a modest amount of alcohol consumption, it was one of the greatest nights, and I don't think I had ever laughed so much in one evening. About 11pm or 11:30ish we decided to play one last round of our game, and decided that we each had to do a dare. Kaitlyn agreed to go first, and she dealt out three cards, one to Vic, Nat, and me, and we got to collaborate and choose a dare from one of those cards. I can't remember what the dares were, but at least one of them was something just mean, like "eat something out of the trash", so we rejected that, knowing that the person would HAVE to do it, per our agreement.

We were really close friends after all, and had a close bond of trust that let us be at ease with each other. When a dare was too extreme, we allowed ourselves to draw another card, but only if we showed it to the person who had to do it, so they knew we weren't throwing away the "easy" things. At some point, as Nat and Vicki were trying to decide which dare they wanted for Kaitlyn, I casually said something like "Hurry up; I need to pee." They said "Ok, ok...", and we chose a dare for Kaitlyn, and she did it. (Actually, this may have been the "Moon someone" dare, but I'm not sure.) Whatever it was, we laughed, and went on a tangent talking about other things for almost a half hour.

Next it was my turn. They each drew a dare card, and all looked at them. After a few intense seconds, one of them said, "We can't use any of these." They showed me the cards. One was something like "Shave your balls", one was "Go outside naked", and the third was similarly ridiculous, and/or not at all appropriate for our situation. So, I agreed they could draw more cards. I thought they would draw three more and compare, but it just sort-of evolved that they started taking cards one at a time, looking at them, shaking their heads and saying "No", and drawing another. After four or so cards I said "wait a minute, let me see", to be sure they weren't throwing away anything easy to do. They weren't; we just got an unlucky streak of unrealistic things, and I was happy to move on.

About three more cards later, they all froze and looked at the card they had drawn. Then they looked back and forth at each other, slowly smiling. Kaitlyn suddenly said "No" and shook her head. But as Vicki was starting to put the card back in the deck, Natalie grabbed it out of her hands and in a quick gesture turned it around and held it, arm outstretched, towards my face.

On it were three words: "PEE YOUR PANTS". Kaitlyn and Vicki just looked at me, smirking, while Natalie was smiling ear to ear. I said "Kaitlyn already said no." But she sheepishly replied, "I changed my mind." I thought Vicki might bail me out, but she quietly said, half contemplation, half command, "Pee your pants."

Being unanimous, I did the only thing an omo enthusiast afraid of being caught would do: I said something like "I don't have to go." But Natalie chimed in "You said you had to go like half an hour ago." So I made up another excuse and said "No; it would get all over the carpet." To which Vicki said, "You can go in the kitchen; tile floor." I protested one more time, "But I would have to walk home in these pants." Kaitlyn said, "I can drive you." After a moment's thought, I just grunted, in faux defeated exasperation. Natalie said playfully "You have to do it. We agreed!", to which I said "Yeah, but... but... but...". Slowly, a quiet but growing chant of "Pee! Pee! Pee! Pee!" broke out, eventually bellowed enthusiastically by all three of them, accompanied by claps.

Partly because I was afraid they would wake the neighbors, I relented and said "Ok, ok, ok!", to which they all applauded and laughed like little girls. Natalie stood up and pointed to the kitchen like I was going to do it that second. But I said "First, I have one condition." Instantly they were hushed and gave me their full attention. After a moment's pause, the conversion went like this:

Kaitlyn: Ok, what's the condition?

Me: Since you two, Vicki and Natalie, haven't had your turn yet, one of you two has to do it too.

(Silence.)

Vicky: Which one of us?

Me: Well, that's the beauty of it. You two have to decide.

(No response, but smiles were starting to form.)

Me: Look, I'm not gonna be the only person to pee in my pants. I need... you know, plausible deniability, or something.

Natalie: ...I think you mean Mutually Assured Destruction...

Me: Whatever. Look, I don't care how you decide: You can play rock, paper, scissors, choose and number between one and ten...

Kaitlyn: Or which one of you has to pee more.

(A very long pause.)

Vicki: Bu... Oh, I see. We'd be competing.

Natalie: You mean, like who can hold it longer?

Kaitlyn: Yes! Like a game. Well, a new game.

Natalie: Oh gosh, that could be funny, but I don't have a change of clothes here.

Kaitlyn: Hey Vic, don't you have a pair of sweatpants or something that would fit Nat?

Vicki: Yeah, I guess. Hmmm. Ok, I'll do it, but only if Kaitlyn does it too.

Kaitlyn: Me? But I already did my dare.

Vicki: Yeah, but this is "a new game", remember?

Kaitlyn: Wait a minute. Pan, you have to go now, right? I don't have to pee at all. Didn't you mean someone would do it at the same time as you?

Me: Not necessarily, and to be fair in this new game we've stumbled onto, the, uh, "players" should all have a chance to pee first, and then the game begins, so it's a level playing field.

Natalie: Oh, no, no, no; I see what you're doing. You're trying to get out of the old game so you don't have to pee your pants.

Me: No, I swear. (slowly) I'll agree to pee in my pants now - like any second now, actually! - as long as right after it, your game begins. And Kaitlyn, if you play too, then you don't even have to drive me. I'll walk home, take a quick shower, and be back by the time things get... interesting here.

Vicki: You're going to walk home in wet pants?

Me: What else can I do? Your sweatpants aren't going to fit me. Plus, Kaitlyn has to stay here and keep you two honest, otherwise you might wuss out and just go pee in the bathroom halfway through.

Kaitlyn: (after a long pause...) Ok, I'm in.

Natalie: (Clapping) So, you... I mean, we, we all, are really gonna do this? All of it?

Me: Rule Number 1: No cameras.

Kaitlyn: Rule 2: We never tell Ree, Dack, and Ted about this.

Natalie: Rule 3: No wussing out.

Me: Rule 4: You have to drink a lot before I get back.

Vicki: We can finish the wine coolers; I have three or four left.

Me: Drink water first, just for, you know, hangover prevention.

Kaitlyn: How much should we say we have to drink?

Vicki: Like one big glass of water every, what, half hour?

Me: That'll take forever. Every 10 minutes, maybe?

Kaitlyn: Gawd, I may not last until you get back.

Vicki: Rule 5: Nobody pees on my carpet!

After general laughter, it was clear we had nothing more to discuss, so I made a little smirky smile, and started walking toward the kitchen tile. Natalie clapped again in excitement, and a few seconds later we were all standing in the kitchen. Vicki grabbed a chair so she had a front row seat, and Kaitlyn put her hand on the back of it to lean in. Nat eagerly stood on the other side of Vic, smiling. I debated taking off my shoes, and thought one of them may mention that I should. But they didn't, so I decide to leave them on, as it was somehow more real that way.

When I first mentioned having to pee, like a half hour or so ago, I was at an 8 on the desperation scale. Now I was at a high 9, and was struggling to hold it without visibly showing any obvious signs. I wasn't in pain yet, but I really, really had to go. Another chant of "Pee! Pee!" briefly broke out again, until I said "Stop; you're making me nervous," and clenched with all my might to hold on a moment longer, so as not to seem too eager. After another 10 seconds or so I said "Look away for a second... I'll let you know when it's happening." Without a word, all three girls, still huddled together in front of me, either turned their heads and/or covered their eyes, and the stage was set.

I savored the moment, knowing I was in complete control of four people's destinies. When I decided it was time, I relaxed. But you know how sometimes you have to pee so bad it's hard to get it started? I had apparently hit that point. As an experienced omo enthusiast, I had long since mastered the art of letting go in my pants, but this was the first time anyone had been in the room with me, watching me. Ten seconds later I got an urge, but all I managed was a small leak, nowhere near enough to be seen. Five seconds after that, I felt like I was gonna let go, but it went away. Finally, I felt it; the unmistakable feeling of my bladder saying "Ok; going to open the floodgates now." I waited until the full flow had started, and I said simply, "I'm going." All three popped their heads back towards me and began to stare intently at my crotch. Obviously it wasn't visible yet because no one reacted.

Then, almost simultaneously there was an "Oh!", a gasp, and a giggle, as they watched me pee in my pants. Natalie said "Yea!!!" and pointed at it the whole time, following the stain as it slowly meandered down from my crotch, passed my knees, and went all the way to my ankles. Kaitlyn kept saying "You're doing it! You're doing it!" Vicki couldn't stop laughing, until it started leaking from the cuffs of my pants all over her kitchen floor, at which point she said "Shit! I have to get a towel."

She ran off to the bathroom, and once she returned I had stopped peeing, with Natalie and Kaitlyn still staring in amazement. Kaitlyn said "Holy shit, you really did it!" Natalie said "You peed a LOT!", to which we all broke out in laughter together, and just kept laughing for a long time, until our cheeks burned. Kaitlyn asked me to turn around, and I did so by taking high-kneed in-place steps, to better feel the wetness down my legs. I didn't want to appear to be enjoying it too much, so I said "This feels so weird!" and "Ew, it's getting cold," both met with giggles. Apparently the stain was just as obvious in the back, because each of them said "Woah", or "Omigod" as they reacted to the different view.

Finally Vicki said "You can't walk home like this." I assured her, "I can hide it with my bag when cars pass", as I dried off my shoes with the towel, hoping no one would realize what an expert I already was at this. Soon after that I made Kaitlyn promise not to let anyone go to the bathroom after they had all peed to start the hold-it game. She swore, and Nat and Vic swore too, even though I didn't ask them to.

As I started to move to the door, one of them said, "I can't believe you did that," to which I retorted "One of you is going to do it too!" Natalie said, "Now I'm really nervous... that it's going to be me!", and we all laughed again. Nat and Kaitlyn took over sopping up the wet floor, as Vicki handed me my bag and showed me out. As I was about to walk out the door, Vicki said "Wait...", so I stopped to face her. After three seconds or so she said, "I just wanted to see it one more time." In that moment something changed between her and me, something special that wouldn't be fully realized until years later.

I left Vicki's apartment, hoping no one would see me in the super well-lit hallway, and being late, I was pretty sure I would succeed. Her apartment was toward the end on the second floor, so I had to turn left out of her door, walk down a long hallway, and then turn left again and walk down a shorter hallway to a half flight of stairs that led down to the exit door. I paused before I made the turn, to look and listen if anyone was in the hallway or just coming in the door. After 20 seconds or so, I decided there was no point in waiting any longer, so, I took a breath, and then charged forward around the corner. I saw no one.

Just when I thought I was safe, two girls in their mid 20s suddenly appeared. They were of the mildly goth persuasion, which was relatively rare then, at least in that town. One wore short bleach-blonde hair, a nose-ring, and a T-shirt that looked like it had been through a shredder. The other had pink hair, but was dressed in otherwise "normal" fashion. They had been inside all this time, but were chatting, or smoking, or something, just inside the main door, but down the steps where I couldn't see them. They must have started walking at about the same time I did, and we were going to meet in the exact middle of this incredibly well-lit hallway.

They had already seen me, surely, so there was nothing I could do except just casually walk by them, whistling like I didn't have pee all down my legs. I thought it had worked, but when I was about 15 feet in front of them, one girl whispered something to the other, who then looked directly at my crotch. I have never been so simultaneously embarrassed and excited. I felt my face flush, but I just kept walking. At the bottom of the stairs before going outside, I did a proper look down below to see if the pee stain was obvious. I had thought the bright light might hide it a little, as sometimes a darker light shows off the stain more. I was SO wrong. It was absolutely clear as day what I had done. I blushed again, and hurried outside to the road.

I was breathing so fast, and my adrenaline was pumping, so I almost ran to where I was living, about a 10 minute walk away. It was practically on the same road as Vicky's, with just one turn shortly before I got there. I walked on the sidewalk, in the cool spring air, and hid my pants with my bag when cars passed, as planned. One time I forgot, because I was so engrossed with thoughts about all that had just happened, so at least one car got a full view of my wet pants. Another thrill tingled up my omo spine when I realized that.

By the time I was home my bladder was full again, mostly because I hadn't emptied it entirely at Vicki's, so as to keep the puddle to a minimum. Feeling exceedingly naughty, I decided to wet the other pair of pants that I had bought that were identical to the ones I had already peed in. I put on new everything - underwear, pants, and socks - and put my shoes back on, to match the outfit I had worn at Vic's. There was no carpet in my room, but I realized I should get a towel from the downstairs bathroom in case I needed it.

On the way back up the stairs, I realized my urge was peaking again, having already "tapped the keg". I decided to hold it just for fun, but the combination of alcohol, water, and excitement hit me hard. I only lasted a few minutes, pee dancing and shivering, before my bladder gave in, my heart racing. I watched myself in the mirror as I completely wet my pants again, seeing an exact copy of what the girls had seen. I was so horny by the time I finished peeing that I had to do something about it. I quickly stripped and had one of the quickest but most intense orgasms of my life. And there was, hopefully, more excitement to come in this crazy night!!!

I took a quick shower, changed into jeans, and just before I headed out, I thought to call to make sure the others hadn't chickened out. (For those wondering why I didn't call on the way, this was just before cellphones were ubiquitous.) Vicki answered the phone with the words "We haven't chickened out." To which I laughed, and said, "Ok". Then I had a spark of inspiration. "Oh, tell them I have an idea about not telling the others. To raise the stakes, what if the loser has to tell Ree, Dack, and Ted that she peed in her pants? I mean, no discussion of why; that would still be against the rules, but just that she couldn't hold it and wet her pants." Vicki said "I'll mention it. But get here soon; we decided we all had to pee about the same amount, so we didn't do the pre-pee thing."

"Oh gosh," I said. "I'll be there in 9 and a half minutes!", and out the door I went, walking even faster than I had earlier.

When I got back to Vicki's building I was afraid I might encounter those two goth girls again, but I didn't. I was so glad Vicki lived off campus, so there was at least a chance that those girls were not also students at Gleeson. (I never saw them again, so I guess they weren't.) Vic left her apartment door unlocked, and when I walked in I found my three closest friends all standing in the kitchen with large glasses of water in their hands, and sheepish looks on their faces.

I started the 10-minute timer on my watch and said, "So... how are we all doing in here?" Kaitlyn was first to respond: "Eh. Starting to feel it a bit." Vicki looked unfazed, but was standing weirdly still as she said "Hanging in." Natalie said "I'm gonna lose. I know it. I already have to pee so bad."

"So do it!", Kaitlyn teased, spawning giggles from Vicki and me. I said, "Yeah, you know any of you can end this at any point."

Vicki: Speaking of that, we talked about the loser having to tell the others.

Me: And?

Kaitlyn: Well, we agree it raises the stakes, but maybe too much. So we thought there should be an out.

Me: An out? You mean like a truce?

Natalie: Yes! That's the word I was looking for: Truce.

Vicki: Where we would all, you know, give up, together...

Me: So no one would have to tell the others, because there wouldn't be a single loser. So, no penalty.

Natalie: Except peeing in our pants.

Then Vicki seemed to get an idea:

Vicki: Wait, what about a 2-person truce?

Me: You mean if just two of you decide to give up and go? Like a Pact?

Vicki: Yeah, a two-person Pact. Does that mean we'd both have to tell the others?

Me: Well, there'd be no single loser, just one winner. So I say no penalty.

Kaitlyn: Surely if there is only one winner, they should get a prize?

Natalie: Yeah. A toilet.

We all busted out laughing, during which I noticed both Kait and Vic instinctively hold their crotches for a second. This gave me an idea, but I had to choose my timing carefully. I realized there were some other wrinkles that we hadn't worked out, including how to handle the "leaks" issue.

Me: So, if someone does lose, how's it going to work? I mean, at what point do they actually lose?

Vicki: You mean, how much pee?

Kaitlyn: Well, more than a drop, clearly.

Natalie: I thought the loser would just fully go.

Vicki: Well, that's the question.

Me: So if person A loses, by peeing let's say, down to their knees, does that mean they can go to the bathroom then?

Natalie: No! The loser should have to completely pee their pants.

Vicki: Yeah, that kinda makes sense.

Kaitlyn: So wait, if the loser lets out enough to be considered the loser, but then doesn't let go all the way, does that mean the winners have to wait until the loser does pee all the way before they can go to the bathroom? That doesn't make sense.

Me: Hmm. Ok. So, I think, maybe there isn't a loser until either A) they have completely emptied their bladder, or B) gone so much that it makes a real puddle on the floor.

Natalie: Geez... Talking about it is making me have to pee worse. I need to sit down.

Kaitlyn: New Rule!: No sitting down.

Vicki: Yeah, sitting makes it too easy to hold it.

Vic and Kait were clearly targeting Natalie to lose, if in a humorous way. I also noticed that they were continuing to use their hands to hold more and more. And Natalie, although she was doing a definite early-stage pee-pee dance, wasn't touching herself. I thought this might be related to her lack of self pleasuring, and I decided to level the playing field. I said, "Ok, so, no sitting down. Also, no holding with your hands. Otherwise we could be here all night."

Natalie immediately smiled, and Vic and Kait let out a grumble, and began to dance a little more urgently. Being the resident omo expert, I figured we had probably 30 minutes to go, an hour max. I was so excited to see any of my three friends pee in their pants, and it looked like it was really going to happen. After a few minutes of basically nothing interesting, I got an idea, and walked over to the table where the game cards were. As I sat down in the chair, my watched dinged, signaling it was time to drink more. All three groaned, and then laughed, after I said:

Me: Ten minutes. Another glass!

Kaitlyn: Shit. The sound of the water goes straight to my bladder.

Vicki: I know! Right? Ok, one for me.... and... one for you... and... one for...

Natalie: I'm gonna lose. I'm gonna lose...

After a moment of us all intensely staring at Natalie, who had suddenly stopped moving and stood still, Kaitlyn, and then Vic started up the "Pee! Pee!" chant again, and this time I joined in. Nat's face was scrunched up, and I really thought this was it. After 10 seconds or so, Kaitlyn asked:

Kaitlyn: Are you going?

Natalie: No. I was able to hold it. Barely. That was close!

Vicki: Damn. I got excited there for a second and thought I... Wait! There's something we haven't talked about. When Natalie... I mean, say Nat loses. Which one of us two gets to use the toilet first?

(A pregnant pause.)

Kaitlyn: We could... just keep playing.

Vicki: Oh shit.

Natalie: Yeah! The second place wouldn't have to tell the others that she peed.

(Another pause.)

Vicki: Wait, this all started because Pan didn't want to be the only one, and that ONE of us had to do it too. But not TWO of us.

Me: Okay. That's a good point. New rule: The loser gets to choose who goes to the bathroom first.

After a moment's thought, Vicki's eyes lit up, and she began to speak to Natalie as a servant speaks to a master:

Vicki: Oh, Natalie, did I tell you how nice your overalls look? They're just so stylish and lovely.

Kaitlyn: (realizing what was happening) Oh! And your hair! Who does your hair? So long... and beautiful... and flowing... Shit. I shouldn't have said flowing.

We all laughed at their attempts to curry favor with the presumed loser. I realized that whoever lost would probably chose the person who least had to pee to be the lucky one who got to go to the bathroom, and that would mean we could torture the other, and possibly get her to wet also. That would be fun, I thought, so I didn't object. Instead, I found the card that said "PEE YOUR PANTS", and announced to the group: "So, if talking about it makes it worse, then I have a great idea." Then I pretended to read from the back of the card: "Tell everyone about the last time you peed in your pants."

One of the girls said "Does it really say that?"

"Yeah," I lied, "It's on the back of the 'PEE YOUR PANTS' card. See?", and held it up. Of course, all they could see was the big writing of those three words, but they were too far away to make out what was on the back of the card when I flipped it over, as the words were in smaller type. What was actually printed had nothing to do with peeing, of course, but it seemed plausible enough, as it was very much in line with the kinds of questions we were reading earlier.

Kaitlyn spoke up first:

"Oh, what the hell. I've got a good one. At the end of my last year of high school I went on a first date with a guy. He was really nice, and tall, and pretty attractive, so I had high hopes. We had lunch together on a Saturday, and afterward we wanted go somewhere to talk and get to know each other. I recommended going to the lake near where I lived where there are nice trails through the woods. There was a little block building with bathrooms at the trail head, but I didn't use it, figuring we'd be back soon enough, since most of the trails were not that long. So we were like an hour into this strolling chat when I started to really have to pee. Now you know me: I grew up in the country, and I know how to pee outside, so I wasn't worried about that.

But it was a first date, and I really liked this guy, so somehow I just couldn't bring myself to tell him I had to go. And I thought at any point we would get back to the parking area where the bathroom was. Just my luck, we happened to choose a trail I didn't know very well, and it was the LONG loop. About the time we figured that out, and turned around, I knew I was in trouble. Cause we clearly weren't going to pass any bathrooms as we backtracked the like, hour it would take to walk back to the car. I was so desperate at this point, and almost said something. But the conversation was really good, and he jumped right back into it.

I'm not a shy person, but for some reason I still couldn't admit that I needed to pee. My need kept getting worse and worse, and obviously I couldn't grab myself or he'd know. Long story short, about 20 minutes before we got back to his car, I ended up... urinating in my clothes... as we walked. My jeans were sorta dark, so maybe he didn't see. But man, I was afraid he'd notice, and I was afraid to get in his car, cause I thought I would get his seats wet. I was so mortified, but I never said anything, and the seats were like plasticy, so if he did notice, he never said anything."

Me: When you actually peed, did you like decide to go, or was it, like, an accident?

Kaitlyn: About... half and half.

Vicki: You peed while walking?

Me: That's hard to do... (And then quickly) I imagine.

Kaitlyn: Yeah. It was a slow flow, but like, I totally went.

Natalie: That's a cute story. I don't really have a single time, but when I was younger I did it a lot. Usually it was because I didn't want to stop what I was doing until it was too late. But I guess the last time must have been just a few days after my 18th birthday, during a violin lesson. Thankfully I was wearing a skirt and this thick pair of warm and comfy black leggings that I really liked, which soaked it all up so my teacher didn't know. But my mom noticed, because she heard "splash", and said "Natalie, do you need to go to the bathroom?", as if I was 12 years old.

I awkwardly nodded yes, and ran off to the bathroom, but it was too late. I had already peed almost all of it out. Technically like the last little bit went in the toilet, but, really, I totally peed myself. My mom came to the bathroom to check on me, and washed out my panties and tights in the sink while I did the rest of the lesson commando. Surely my teacher figured it out, but I just said I was hot in those tights. Which was, true. You know... before they got cold.

General laughs followed, and of course also punctuated the telling of these two stories throughout. Then after a pause...

Vicki: You're all looking at me. Does that mean it's my turn?

Kaitlyn: (laughing) Um, duh.

Vicki: Sorry to disappoint, but I've never wet my pants, not since potty training days.

Natalie: Never?

Vicki: I don't think so, no. I mean, tiny little leaks, occasionally, when laughing or straining, but nothing that, you know, counts as really wetting my pants. I did wet the bed once, when I was an undergrad, after a long night out drinking. I was so glad I have allergies, because I had bought an "allergy pad" mattress topper for my bed, which had the side benefit of being waterproof.

Kaitlyn: Did you have a roommate?

Vicki: Yeah. And she knew I had done it before I did, because she saw it while I was still asleep.

Me: That's embarrassing.

Vicki: Yeah, but she was great. Even washed my sheets and pajamas for me while I drank coffee and tried to sober up. Actually, she told me a funny story about peeing her pants to make me feel better.

Me: So, tell us that story instead.

Vicki: Instead of what?

Me: Instead of you telling us the last time you peed in your pants.

Natalie: Yeah; wetting the bed doesn't count!

Vicki: Ok, whatever. So Kel, my roommate, was skiing somewhere - I have no idea where - on a school, or church trip or something, where they took a bus to get there. No, it wasn't a school trip, because she was in her gap year before college. Anyway, about halfway through the day she had to pee when she was at the top of the mountain, and there were no bathrooms up there, so she decided to take one of the faster hills down to the, uh, what's it called?

Kaitlyn: Lodge?

Vicki: Yes. So this channel, or slope, whatever, was steeper and harder to handle than she thought. She was a good skier, but it took her probably more time than one of the kiddie slopes because she had to take it slow to avoid falling on her ass. By the time she got down the hill she was about to explode. She goes into the lodge, hangs up her skies (or whatever it is you do), and finally makes it into the bathroom. But she's dressed in like 4 layers, with big snow pants on top, and she's frantically trying to get undressed. She told me "I made it... to the toilet. But I peed... in my pants. And I didn't have any clothes to change into, so, being the 'brilliant' person that I am, I just pulled my snowpants back up, and pretended nothing happened for the rest of the day. It didn't show, because of the layers, but I probably smelled. I must have smelled. But no one said anything."

Natalie: Oh my God. What a nightmare. I hate, hate, HATE clothes that are hard to take off. Did anyone find out?

Vicky: I don't think so. She was still living at home, so she had to tell her mom of course, and they had a good laugh about it. But otherwise she got away with it.

Kaitlyn: Poor thing. Had to ride all the way home on the bus with wet pants.

Vicky: I know. That's really embarrassing for a teenager.

I was so attuned to these stories that I almost didn't notice my watch beeping again. But they did, and starting groaning even before I said "More water!"

So, here's how things stood. Natalie was pee dancing, not really any worse than she was before. Vicki and Kaitlyn were both noticeably more agitated now, but still pretty calm. None of them had any visible leaks, and believe me, I was looking! That gave me a great idea actually, of how to speed things along.

Me: I have an idea. You know how we said the loser gets to choose who gets to go to the bathroom? Well it seems pretty obvious that whoever the loser does NOT choose, the one who has to wait while the other is peeing in the toilet, is gonna get teased and tortured by the loser - and probably me - to try to make them pee in their pants too.

Vicki: Yeah. That's why we were being so nice to Natalie earlier.

Me: I know, I know. And that can still work if no one else has leaked. But if there are, like, any visible... you know, leaks, from the other two, what if instead of the loser choosing the person who gets to pee next, instead it's... the person who already has the biggest stain on their pants?

Natalie: What? I don't understand.

Me: Well, it's a way to help end this thing before morning. Think about it. It's an incentive to let some pee out, before the loser, you know, loses...

Kaitlyn: Oh; I get it. You should always let out a little more pee than anyone else, so when someone loses, you'll actually get to pee in the toilet sooner, because you have a bigger stain. Is that it?

Vicki: But if you try to let only a little bit out, you might not be able to stop it.

Me: Exactly!

Vicki: You are truly a sadistic person, Pan.

Me: I know. But that's why you all love me so much.

Natalie: I'm still trying to understand. So, if you let some out, you might not be able to stop it, in which case you lose. If you do manage to stop it, but you still have a smaller wet spot than the other person who isn't the loser, then you have to wait even longer to go to the bathroom, and get egged on by the loser...

Me: And me.

Kaitlyn: Yeah. It's an incentive to let more out than anyone else. But it has risks.

Natalie: Sheesh, my brain hurts. It's so hard to think right now!

The way Natalie was slightly hunched over as she said this was so cute, and betrayed just how badly she had to pee. We continued to talk about this new plan, but got sidetracked by my watch again, and another round of drinking, after which the girls talked about other things to try to take their minds off of what was happening. At some point we all walked around the apartment for some reason, maybe because someone thought it might take their mind off the urges. By the time my watch went off again ten minutes later, all three girls were visibly, obviously, desperate.

Kaitlyn: I say no more drinking; I feel like I'm gonna burst any second.

Nat: Agreed!

Vicki: Agreed!

Me: Agreed. But we never really decided about...

Kaitlyn: Yeah, where are we on the whole... second place, pee leak, size-of-pee-stain thing?

Me: We never really committed. Do you all agree on this? It really doesn't change the basic game; it just adds a new layer.

Natalie: I'm gonna lose anyway, so I don't care.

Vicki: Sure. Fine. Whatever. But I'm not gonna intentionally let anything out. I might not be able to stop it.

Kaitlyn: Well I have to do something or I'm gonna pop. So, I'm going to let some out. If I lose, I lose, but I think it's worth the risk, and I mean, Natalie looks like she could go any second.

Vicki: You're really gonna do it?

Kaitlyn: Just a little. I'll be able to stop it.

After a few seconds, Kaitlyn stopped squirming, and stood still with her legs still together. Fifteen seconds later, she made a little squeak, and a tiny spot appeared in the crotch of her cream-colored pants, and expanded to about the size of a penny.

Kaitlyn: OK. Done. Told you I could stop it!

Vicki: That's it? Oh, I thought we had to let out more than that. I can beat that.

Kaitlyn: Can I just say, this is the silliest thing any of us have ever done?

At this, Natalie and Vicki laughed so hard I thought they were going to lose it. Even Kaitlyn had to laugh at the craziness of it all. I remained stoic, like I was a referee in some bizarre endurance race. Without warning, Vicki blurted out, "Bam! There you go!" We all instantly looked at her crotch, and she had let out about a quarter sized spot that was still expanding in her jeans. She had stopped peeing, but it was still spreading as it began to dry.

Natalie, sensing an opportunity, turned to Kaitlyn and began a solo chant of "Pee! Pee! Pee!", during which Kaitlyn made another attempt. The stain on her pants started to grow, faster this time, and after two seconds or so, she physically clenched with her whole body, accompanied by her saying "Hunnnh" as if she was an Olympic weightlifter. It was so funny, and everybody busted out laughing. The stain had spread to about baseball size, and she said, "Wow, I think I actually feel better after that."

Not to be outdone, Vicki said "My turn," and all eyes went back to her jeans. Her flow was slow and controlled, and it took maybe 5 seconds to stop, at which point her stain was about the size of a large apple. She said, "Yeah, I feel better now too." Natalie, who rarely cursed, said: "Holy shit, I'm I the only one here who hasn't peed themselves tonight?" Kaitlyn shot back, pointing to her and Vicki's pants, "Hey, this isn't peeing. This is STRATEGY. And you're not supposed to be using your hands."

Natalie quickly put both hands behind her back, and stood up as straight and tall as she could, her legs tightly together. But it looked as if her crotch was trying to eat her legs and abdomen, as she slowly collapsed back into a bending over position. I thought Kaitlyn might continue the stain competition, but she was apparently content to let things stay as they were, and for a while, maybe 5 minutes, nothing happened except for the girls gently teasing each other. I decided it was time to do something, so I said, "Challenge time. You don't have to drink more water, but you do have to listen to it."

Natalie: Oh God, no!

Vicki: Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

Kaitlyn: For Fuck's Sake.

These comments continued with increasing frequency as I proceeded with my challenge. I started by filling a glass with water, and taking a nice long drink myself, complete with a long "Ah" at the end. Then I slowly poured the remaining water out in the sink, from high above it. As a finale, I turned on the sink faucet full blast, but turned it back off a split second later. Then I waited, and did it again. Then I waited a little less time, and again, and again, and again, until finally, the water was on a steady full blast. After a few seconds I reduced it to a noisy trickle, and walked away, to the sound of all three moaning and groaning their dissatisfaction.

When I got back to my front row seat, each girl had a unique, but unmistakable look on her face of "I have to pee right now." Nat was clenching her teeth, and doing quick little knee bends. Vicki looked like she had put an egg in her mouth and was doing Lamaze breaths while tapping her hips with her wrists. And Kaitlyn had her eyes closed with her eyebrows raised as she marched in place. I noticed that Vicki's crotch was getting ever so slightly darker, and as soon as the stain began to spread, I said quietly, "Vicki's peeing." She stiffened her body and said, "No I'm not! I'm stopping. I stopped." But the stain continued to grow until it was the size of a large grapefruit.

Kaitlyn immediately said, "I'm going too. But I'm gonna stop." For a second she peed so hard that it shot through her pants. She then jerked her body, and the stain reduced and began to spread smoothly, starting to run down her left leg. Quickly Natalie said,

Natalie: "Does that mean I win?

Me: What do you mean?

Natalie: She peed on the floor!

Me: No, it has to be a real puddle. She stopped, see?

Kaitlyn's pee stain was a beautiful half-moon shape above her crotch, and ran down her left leg about the length of her little finger. The following things happened in overlapping rapid succession, accompanied by the sound of a noisy faucet:

Natalie said: "Crap! I'm gonna pee. I'm gonna pee!"

Kaitlyn made a deep guttural groan, and kept twitching her right hand like she wanted to hold herself.

Vicki's pee stain started to grow again, re-darkening her crotch and starting to run down her right leg.

Vicki looked at no one in particular and said, "TRUCE?!"

Kaitlyn looked at Vicki, then Nat, and said "TRUCE!?", as her own stain began to grow again.

All eyes looked to Natalie, who said: "...... Fuck no. I wanna win!!!"

Vicki laughed and said "Omigod."

Kaitlyn laughed, and then sighed and took Vicki's hand.

They both said "PACT!" at the same time, and relaxed and stood still.

Vicki's stain began to flow down both legs equally, now almost to her knees.

Kaitlyn was peeing so fast that she peed through her pants again, with a quick jet to the floor, but it then settled into a gushing cascade down first her left, then her right leg.

Kaitlyn said, "Fuck, my shoes!", and quickly kicked off her sandals.

Vicki said: "Fuck it. Mine are just crocks.", right about the time the stain passed her ankles, and the pee started to flow into them.

Kaitlyn was slightly behind Vicki, her stain now passing her knees, and it looked for a second like it might stop. But quickly thereafter I saw a much faster flow permeate from her crotch, and within a couple of seconds it was down to her feet, soaking into her white socks.

Vicki looked at me and yelled, "Towels!"

I quickly ran to the bathroom and grabbed two towels, and came back to find all three girls laughing so hard that they made no sound. Natalie regained her composure first and said "You did it! Yea!!!" and then threw her hands up and said "I win! I win! I win! Screw you guys, I'm going... to the toilet." More laughs.

While Natalie was in the bathroom, Vicki and Kaitlyn began to show off their pee stains to each other. Between peals of laughter, they spoke in a coded language of half phrases, saying things like, "First you...", "And then...", "I thought...", "Wet my...", "But she...", "All the way down...", "like WOOSH...".

As things finally got back to a more normal level, Kaitlyn said, "You did say you had a pair of sweats I can wear home?" Vic nodded yes, while still amidst a silent belly laugh. I finally handed them the towels, and they began to wipe the floor, Vic with her hands, Kaitlyn, with her socked feet. Eventually Vicki calmed down enough to ask me, "Pan, can you grab another couple of towels from the bathroom when she gets out?" I nodded, smiling ear to ear, and headed towards the bathroom. Right on cue I heard the toilet flush, ending my hopes that all three would wet.

I heard the lock click open, and did the courteous thing and stepped to the side of the hallway before going down it, so Natalie could pass me as she came back into the main room. When she did, both Vic and Kaitlyn got completely silent. Natalie came out and stopped. She was wide eyed, red faced, and looked shocked and frustrated at the same time. Slowly my gaze made its way down her overalls to her crotch. It was wet. So was her butt. Really wet, and the wetness continued down her inner thighs, past her knees, and all the way to her ankles, stopping about one inch above both cuffs.

She shouted: "I... HATE... OVERALLS!"

You know, there is regular laughter, and then there's whole-body-paralyzing laughter. This was that. I found myself on the floor convulsing, and Vic and Kait were squealing so loud that NASA thought something was wrong with their radios. As that was happening, Natalie explained in one breath, "I was standing right in front of the toilet, but I couldn't get these clips undone, cause they're not like regular buckles, you have to squeeze them, but I forgot, and I couldn't hold it anymore and I started peeing, and I couldn't stop it, and finally I just sat on the toilet and peed through my pants."

Vicki said "Oh, come here baby." And all three had a soaking wet group hug in the kitchen, standing on wet towels full of pee. It would have been a perfect picture moment in the days of cellphones, but I took mental snapshots instead. To this day, it is my strongest naughty memory, the smiles on those faces as they took turns hugging each other. I joined in too, not caring if my pants got wet again.

Vicki finally said, picking tears out of her eyes,

Vicki: I hate to interrupt this special moment, but I only have one pair of sweatpants.

Kaitlyn: Natalie can have them. I don't even care at this point. It's late. I just don't want us to have to walk through the entire parking lot to my car.

Me: I can get it.

Kaitlyn: Yeah, that'd be awesome. It's in the far corner; there were no close spots when we arrived. Here're the keys. It's a stick.

Me: No problem.

I had learned to drive on a manual transmission, so five minutes later I had moved her car next to the external door to Vic's building without incident, and was back inside. I had thought Natalie would have changed out of her overalls and into the sweats, but both she and Kaitlyn (and Vic for that matter) were still in their peed clothes, and Kaitlyn was drying off her feet with one of the towels from the bathroom that I never got to retrieve. As she was putting on her sandals, I asked "You're not going to shower first or anything?"

Natalie responded, "What's the point? We don't have spare clothes for both of us, and we're only a few minutes away. And we have class in the morning."

Vicki: Not until 11 though, right?

Kaitlyn: I have a 9:30 exam tomorrow.

Vicki: Shit. Well, at least take some garbage bags to cover your seats.

Kaitlyn: Yeah, that'd be smart.

Natalie: Unlike everything else we did this evening.

Vicki asked if I would stay and help clean up, to which I of course agreed, and then the goodbyes began, wet pants and all. Five minutes later Nat and Kait were gone. Thirty seconds after that they were back, Kaitlyn saying "My keys?!" and after a final handoff, I started to help Vicki clean up. She asked if she could take a quick shower, and I volunteered to mop the kitchen while she did. After her shower, she reappeared wearing her much talked about sweatpants. She said the bathroom wasn't bad, and that I had done enough to help. She hugged me deeply, and said "Thanks for being such a doofus," which I took as high praise. I was already crazy about her, but now it was cemented in my soul.

I left feeling fulfilled, lucky, naughty, and exhilarated. When I got home I wrote all of this in my diary, especially every detail I could remember about peeing stuff. I finished writing as dawn was breaking, and quickly fell asleep.

In the next few days, every time any of the four of us saw each other we instantly broke out in laughter. But we never betrayed our promise not to tell our other friends anything other than we had a fun time with pizza and a movie. We didn't even speak about it much the few times when it was just the four of us, for fear of somehow defiling the magic of that night.

Years later, I did follow up one time with Kaitlyn, and asked how she and Natalie made it home safely that night without laughing so hard they ran the car off the road. She responded by saying:

Kaitlyn: We did laugh a lot. Mostly about the fact that we had to walk past these two confused looking goth girls in the hallway.

THE END

*003*2023-11-20 21:48

{{On 11/17/2023 at 3:59 PM, Bazman said:

Absolute gold. Thank you for making the effort to share that wonderdul story

}}

My pleasure! Thanks for reading it.

- PPN

