The Most Humiliating Accident

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-11-02 02:29

Ok so this actually happened a few months ago and I just didn't get around to telling it or really feel like it because I was upset about my sudden incontinence issues. It was when I realized it was because I used to hold on almost a daily basis. Once I started to cut back on holding (no more than once a month) my symptoms subsided and I can now hold for a decent amount of time and not end up completely peeing my pants.

I was wearing a yellow and white floral top with purple colored pants. I went to the mall with my girlfriend. I'm big on coffee, and its hard not to drink as much as I desire. I made some at home before we left and knew it would be enough. Then on the way to the mall, my girlfriend bought me and herself some more coffee. I REALLY didn't want to drink any more because I might be risking a wet predicament, but I didn't want to turn down a generous offer, my girlfriend is very very sweet and I love her to my heart's content.

So we went around shopping, went to a bunch of different stores, trying out different clothes and stuff. My bladder was surprisingly empty, probably cause the big breakfast we ate and it took time for all that liquid to pass through. About two something hours passed, and it started to hit me a little bit, but not enough to really want to take action and find a bathroom. I guess because I was just so distracted by going store to store and trying things on and deciding what to get, as well as my girlfriend.

As we were online at the checkout, it started to hit me. Now my girlfriend has been very aware of my bladder issues and has been very sympathetic towards it. I whispered to her "I kinda have to pee... idk if I should wait cause... were kinda like almost at the checkout", so she looked very concerned and whispered back "go to the bathroom babe! Don't have another accident!" but there were like 2 people ahead and I just didn't feel like walking all the way to the bathroom and waiting on a line, then go back on the store line again so I just whispered "Its ok I think I can wait theres only 2 people ahead of us". After the next person left the one ahead of us was taking her sweet time, and started arguing with the clerk on prices and stuff. My bladder was filling fast, and I really wanted to get going. I couldn't even think about having an accident in a big public place.

It took literally 10 mins for this one woman to finally finish and leave. Such unruly people. So we quickly paid and bagged our stuff up. As we left the store she said "you still have to pee babe?" and I said "yes omg i have to pee lets head to the ladies room now". We walked all the way to one end of the mall, then on the way, my girlfriend happened to run into a good friend she hasn't seen in years. I was really full but I had to keep it natural as she was introducing me. I couldnt just run off and leave, but the 3 of us ended up getting caught up in conversation for like 15 minutes, and I almost forgot about my full bladder.

Once we parted ways it hit me again, hard and I said to my girlfriend "ohhh omg I really really have to pee now!" and she said "awww oh no omg im sorry babe you could have went, I didnt mean to have you wait baby im sorry" and I said "no its totally ok babe I wanted to meet your friend! She was awesome". Still looking guilty I kissed her face and said "I love you. I love you more than words can explain. Don't feel bad its really ok!" And she said "I know but I just don't want you to have an accident sweetheart" and I said "nah its ok, we're here anyway". Then we got to these bathrooms, only to discover they were closed for renovation! I let out a moan and said "ooohhh omg noooo" and I started cursing and grabbed my crotch for a second. My girlfriend got really upset and worried and said "oh no omg lets hurry to the other end. Babe, i'm so sorry! I feel bad for making you wait!" but I kept telling her stop feeling guilty.

We quickly hurried to the other end of the mall and my anxiety was racing at this point. I was just hoping we didn't run into anyone else or godforbid the line is long. Once we got there, sure enough, it was ridiculously long. I moaned in frustration and grabbed myself again and said "uuuugghhhh omg I don't know if i'm gonna make it!!" my girlfriend looked very worried, held me and kissed me and kept saying it was gonna be ok. I was in absolute complete agony and fear of peeing myself. 5 minutes felt like a whole hour, as we finally reached the front closer into the bathroom. The pee was at the tip of my urethra ready to dribble out. Of course, the last several laides and the ones in the stalls took thier sweet time.

4 ladies ahead of me and I felt my spinchter muscle slowly give out, and the leaks began. I started holding myself in public. I had no choice, I was on the verge of an accident. My girlfriend saw me holding myself and said "ohhh nooo babe is it coming out??" I moaned to her, about to cry "its almost coming, I really don't think im going to make it", and she said "nooo don't say that you're almost there!" I was one person away from finally relieving myself. But at he current level of desperation I definately knew i'd start peeing before I pull down my pants, so at best, id still end up being partially wet. I undid my belt so there could be as little wetness as possible. These ladies were taking forever, and I kept leaking.

Finally, someone began to unlock one of the stalls and the door opened... And for that split second, I knew I had just survived a disaster. But my bladder muscles didn't quite agree. As soon as she walked out, my bladder spamsed hard, and as soon as I felt that, I knew it was all over. The extreme shock hit me like a ton of bricks that I better get ready for a full blown public accident... Sure enough, the spasm caused me to explode immediately and pee full force in my pants! I frantically grabbed myself with both hands, and it was no use, my bladder refused to stop. I stood frozen, bent over and let out a horrifying moan and started bawling crying, as I watched my jeans soak from the crotch down the legs, my girlfriend cried out "oh no!" as she helplessly watched me soak myself completely.

Then came the ultra humiliation. A little girl said to her mother "mommy look! A grown lady is peeing her pants!" Her mother snatched her by the arm, and stormed out very angry, probably ready to scold her. Then a group of young girls said "omg gross. Lady can't even hold her pee, what a child. I did NOT need to see that after I ate. ugghh..." Then my girlfriend went into a serious rage at the girls yelling "WHO THE F*** DO YOU THINK YOU B*****S ARE TO MAKE SOMEONE FEEL LIKE S*** FOR AN ACCIDENT?!?! F**** ALL OF YOU!!!! YEAH!! WALK THE F*** AWAY!"

Still peeing the rest of my bladder contents, I stood there still bent over, hysterically crying. I never felt such horrifying humiliation in a long time. My girlfriend hugged me hard, held me in her arms, and kissed me multiple times and said "awww baby its ok accidents happen. Dont pay those f***** b*****s any mind, they are disgusting insensitive c***s". Then she took me into a stall, helped me take off my wet pants and put it in a plastic bag, wiped me down and changed me into one of my pants she bought for me. She still felt guilty over making me wait over talking to her friend and I kept insisting her its ok. She is very sweet and compassionate and that's what I adore about her.

We then got some lunch and quickly cheered me up as we laughed and made jokes, and continued on some more shopping for a bit longer before we headed home. Then we went home and she washed me up in the bath with such loving care. I've never felt so loved. Then we spent the rest of the day as usual snuggling eachother on the bed and binge watching Hulu.

Well that's the story of my most humiliating public accident. My bladder issues are a bit better now because I don't hold as much nowadays to prevent accidents such as one like this. Hope you enjoyed it!

