An Abandoned Building of Unrivaled Freedom

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2018-03-11 01:18

Heyyy everyone!! It has been a little while since my last story, so here's a new one!! This one is super long because there was so much I was able to do! If you want to skip straight to the action, it's pretty packed from paragraph 3 on!

There's an abandoned building near where I live that has been sitting, vacant, for quite some time. I've never paid much heed to it and don't even know what it originally was, but an article in the paper caught my eye in passing this past Tuesday. It has been scheduled for demolition in the near future. I've been dying for another pee adventure lately, so a lifelong dream immediately came to mind: If it's abandoned and scheduled for demolition, nobody will care if someone...perhaps...makes a bit of a mess around the place . At that moment, I knew I had plans for this weekend!

Agonizingly, I waiting for today (Saturday) to come. Finally! A little earlier than most Saturdays, my alarm awakened me with a start. I leaped out of bed and started downing water right off the bat. I ate a good breakfast, threw on some ratty clothes and cheap flip-flops, and waited for 11AM: The time I set to start my adventure. I drank enough water throughout the morning that I was making a trip to the bathroom every 45 minutes or so. Finally, 11:00 rolled around and, skipping the bathroom before heading out, I threw a backpack with a change of clothes and 4 water bottles into my car (I meant business today), and sped off. Within 10 minutes, I pulled into a parking space down the street from the abandoned building. It stood there, as it had for years, completely still and silent. The only difference now is that it was surrounded by caution tape.

Ducking under the tape, I cautiously approached. The urge to urinate was already beginning to form, but I wanted to ensure there were no other explorers before I started having my fun. Nobody else seemed to be traipsing around outside, so I tried the exterior doors--all locked. No worries, I thought, eying a busted window as the urge to pee loomed in my mind. I slid in through the window, taking care to avoid cutting myself on any jutting glass, and quietly stepped onto the cold tile floor, ensuring not to step on any glass shards. I was in a small office-like room, adequately lit by large windows on all sides. A small doorway led into what was presumably a hallway. A little burst of adrenaline surged through me, sending my heart pounding and teasing my bladder. I carefully explored every room, making sure I didn't have any company. It was totally vacant. I was getting really excited now!

I glanced at my watch. 20 minutes had passed since I pulled up, and I was really feeling it, though I wasn't quite to the point of desperation just yet. I retrieved one of the bottles from my bag and took a swig. Anything more would've been painful. I returned to the hallway, which was dim, despite being midday, but I could still see well enough to navigate, which was good because I totally lacked the foresight to bring a flashlight. Where to go first? I'm not accustomed to being able to pee anywhere I want in a building that's not my apartment. I scanned the hall and my eyes rested on an obvious first choice. Let's make a mess of the men's room first, I mischievously thought. I set my backpack down against the wall and pushed open the door, which creaked loudly and slammed shut behind me, echoing through the empty hall.

The men's room was well-lit, thanks to a frosted window on the far wall. I jittered with excitement as I looked at my options. There were two sinks, two urinals, and a stall. I pondered for a few moments as the desperation built. I was getting to the point of being fidgety. I gazed longingly at the urinals, but decided to exercise some patience and save them for later. First off, why not wet myself? I've always appreciated the irony of a good bathroom wetting, and now I'd be doing it in the men's room! 

I moved to the middle of the floor, turned to face the mirror behind the sinks, and grinned cheesily at myself. The left half of the mirror was shattered, but some still remained on the right, so I shifted over to where I could see myself clearly, then backed up to the point that I could see my crotch. I danced a little, up and down, grabbed myself for good measure, and then succumbed to the pressure. There was a brief pause, where everything seemed perfectly still. Then, I felt a spray of urine abruptly douse my panties. I cracked a smile as I felt warmth pour into my pants, drenching my lady bits and butt.

I looked up at the mirror and saw a wet patch forming between the legs of my jeans, running down my thighs in little streaks. I could hear a little hiss and let out a half-sigh, half-laugh as fluid cascaded down my legs. From the view in the mirror, I admired the flood that was swiftly conquering my pants, right in front of two urinals. Urine began pouring out of each pant leg, leaving my feet and flip-flops gleaming in the light. It was exhilarating! While I was still peeing, I turned around, my flip-flops splashing quietly in the puddle that was forming beneath me. I turned to look at my butt, which was also glistening with flowing moisture. I briefly wished I could stand there making a mess all over the men's room floor forever, but then I remembered I had other places to pee afterward! Finally, the stream came to a trickling end.

I was so hydrated, however, that every few seconds, I could shoot off another spurt of pee into my jeans. I giggled and looked around at the mess I made. I was completely soaked from the waist down, my jeans now considerably darker than when I started. There was a giant puddle in the middle of the floor, slowly trickling toward the floor drain. The novelty hadn't worn off yet, so I didn't want to leave the men's room. Finally, however, I surrendered and went back out to the hallway, where I could grab some water.

In the hallway, as I finished off the bottle, penis envy hit me like crazy. What I would give to be able to whip out a penis and walk down the hall, showering the walls in pee! I thought, jealously. As I was wandering down that trail of thought, it occurred to me: We ladies would have it so much easier if we could relieve ourselves without removing our pants and without making a mess, just like guys. With virtually unlimited freedom, I figured I could give it a shot! I wandered the building, still soaked in my own pee, while I continued to drink and wait for the urge to build back up.

In about 15 minutes, I was nearly dancing around again. I dashed back into the men's room, this time to a urinal! I splashed through the puddle I left before and made my way to the taller one, which wasn't far below my lady bits. I shivered with excitement (and admittedly some cold, since my pee-saturated pants had long since cooled off by then), and goosebumps raised on my arms. Unlike my last urinal encounter, it didn't matter how much of a mess I made--I was already a disaster! I undid my jeans and pondered how I wanted to do this. I was determined to pee through the fly in the name of some deluded concept of gender-urine-equality...or something.

I pulled off my jeans long enough to remove my panties and relish in being naked from the waist-down in the men's room. I set my panties down, draping them over the sink, and put my jeans back on. If I can make this work, I'm going commando everywhere for the rest of my life, I grinned to myself as I tried to orient myself over the urinal. There's no way this will work, I thought, laughing at the ridiculous stance I had assumed. I had my legs stretched far apart with my hips thrust as far forward as I could. I was pressing my jeans against myself as hard as reasonably possible, with my vulva peeking out from the undone zipper and button, my labia held open with my free fingers.

"Here goes," I muttered, and began to relieve myself. Initially, I was a little shocked! The first stream of urine shot out cleanly and straight into the urinal! I let out a quiet cheer, which proved to be very premature. Within seconds, pee shot off to the side and, really, everywhere. I felt the familiar warmth dripping down my pants and I wrestled with my urethra and the surrounding hardware--or lack thereof.

My hands quickly became drenched in the effort, and the legs of my jeans were darkened anew. Pee splattered all over the front of the urinal, off to the side, into my pants, and on occasion, actually into it. This whole endeavor was leaving me more excited than I could've imagined. I thought I was going to orgasm right there, with my vagina hanging over a men's urinal! When the contents of my bladder came to a trickling end, I noticed I was trembling, the room felt like a furnace, and I had faint residue of sweat forming on my goosebump-covered skin.

I closed my eyes and stood there for a good while, simply taking in the ethereal pleasure with the front of my jeans gaping wide open. My whole body was tingling with excitement and I had chills. I'm not entirely certain how long I stood there, trembling, drenched in pee, my pants wide open, in front of the urinal, but it felt almost as though I was going to fall asleep. After a brief eternity, I shook myself back to sense. I felt weirdly worn-out, but I wanted more--I needed more.

I stayed there for hours chugging my water and peeing wherever my heart desired. It was amazing! After I thoroughly trashed the men's room (and of course, tried the urinal several more times), I peed all over the floor of the office I entered though, and even managed to pee a splotch against a wall with moderate success! Finally, it was nearing 3:00PM and I had consumed the last of my water. For today's final hoorah, I waited until I had to pee pretty badly, then stripped totally naked (in the men's room, of course) except for my flip-flops. I briefly looked into the mirror and appreciated the female anatomy that had conquered the gent's bathroom for the day. Then, I started peeing, watched it gush from the folds of my labia, and ran for the door, pee streaming all the way. Urine streaked down my legs and pattered to the floor as I streaked out of the men's room and down the hall.

It was incredibly liberating and absolutely thrilling! I felt like a ridiculous child, but reveled in my nakedness and the trail of pee I was leaving all over the building, giggling with joy all the way. I must've looked 100% ridiculous. A grown woman, entirely nude, running around peeing, while giggling like a little girl. Sadly, it came to a dribbly end, at last. I went back to my backpack, oogling the mess I'd made over the course of the afternoon, grabbed my fresh clothes, and replaced them with my soaked jeans and panties.

I wanted to enjoy being naked a little longer, so I refrained from getting dressed until I made it back to the window I climbed into. I popped a squat and peed one last spurt for good measure, before drying myself with my shirt, and then putting on my clean clothes. I climbed back out the window and drove home, tingling with excitement all the way. I turned on the shower and proceeded to masturbate like I never have before! I hope you all got at least half the pleasure out of this that I did!!!

*013*2018-03-19 05:15

Thanks everybody! I really appreciate it and am glad you all enjoyed the story!

{{On 3/10/2018 at 10:12 PM, Low-Key Friar said:

Absolutely nuts and bolts! Pretty sure you pissed the ceiling too. And if this does not win the day, I'm gonna have to write your congressman or something.

}}

Thank you!! Haha! I would've if I could've! ...if only I had the means to aim upward and some really strong muscles...

{{On 3/11/2018 at 12:53 AM, OmoCommando said:

This was... absolutely amazing. You nailed just about every pee-related fantasy I've ever had. Most people don't articulate too well on the details of just simply peeing, but you bring a level of imagery that it top notch in your writing.

Thank you very much for sharing.

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it! It's a blast to do these things and then writing here lets me relive them!

{{On 3/13/2018 at 2:56 AM, Bulge_Lover said:

If you often suffer from penis-envy, you should check out FUDs - Female Urinarion Devices. They're little plastic or rubber funnels that you can stick through your fly and right over your labia, and then you can pee just like a guy.

}}

I've seen those! They're super cool!! I'm hoping to get to the point that I can pee standing up just using my fingers without any mess. Even better, I'd love to be able to pee through the fly without soaking my pants, just like any guy, but I suspect that's just a pipe dream haha

{{On 3/14/2018 at 10:46 PM, ~ArcticFoxxo~ said:

I never thought someone could be so excited about using a urinal. Well done!

}}

It's my favorite!

{{On 3/15/2018 at 7:47 PM, EmmaWees said:

Amazing story. I’ve always wanted to have some pee fun in an abandoned building, but I’ve never searched for one. Maybe I will thanks to your story.

}}

Thank you! It's even more exhilarating than you'd expect! Enjoy!

{{On 3/16/2018 at 3:24 PM, pixelkatt said:

Also, please don't wear flip-flops in buildings with broken glass in them, foot wounds take a long time to heal and get infected easily.

}}

That's a very good point. I wore them to have less clean-up to worry about, but the risk was a pretty major oversight on my part. Thanks for the tip!

*022*2018-04-03 02:45

{{On 3/31/2018 at 11:43 PM, garageguy said:

+10

How did you manage to pee while running? I can barely pee while walking slowly and enjoy it.

}}

Hahaha! At that point, I had resigned myself to being a total mess so it didn't bother me too much Admittedly, it was tough to keep the flow going though. It kinda sputtered a bit here and there.

