Wetting Jeans With Friend

Author: PantsWetter

*000*2018-03-14 00:18

I have been lurking on this site for a while but this is my first time posting. I am a 20 year old bisexual male. I have a very small bladder and I pee myself almost every day either on accident or on purpose :). I enjoy wearing and wetting women's clothing. Some of my everyday clothing items are girls skinny jeans and leggings. I don't know why I guess I just like the tight and comfortable feeling on my body.

So this story happened around 2 weeks ago. I was wearing a pair of women's skinny jeans and UGGs. I was with a good friend of mine. Ill just called her Jessica. Me and Jessica had plans to hang out and go to a movie. I don't remember what movie it was but I was pretty excited to go and see it. I met up with her at her house and she drove us to the theater. We had already bought the tickets online so we just needed to get popcorn and a drink. At this theater they have a deal where you can get a large drink and popcorn for only 12 dollars. 

I got that because I was hungry and it was a good deal. I didn't bother going to the bathroom before the movie because we were late anyway. We went into the theater and sat down. I have a bad habit of eating all my popcorn before the movie even starts and that's exactly what I did that night. All the popcorn got me thirsty so I drank all my Pepsi before we were even halfway into the movie. Because of this I obviously had to go to the bathroom after the movie ended.

After the movie I headed straight for the bathroom. For some odd reason this huge movie theater only had one working bathroom so there was a huge line for the men's bathroom and a longer one for the woman's. To be honest this was probably the first time I saw a line on a men's bathroom. Jessica didn't care because she didn't have to go. I started to wait on line but Jessica was getting impatient. Jessica was ready to leave but I was still on line. She told me that if I'm not done in 2 minutes she is leaving without me. 

2 minutes went by and I'm still waiting on line. I begged her not to leave but she was already on her way to her car. I would have stayed but she was my only way home so I had to follow her. I got in her car and she said she can stop by a gas station along the way home to let me go to the bathroom. We decided to go to a farther movie theater so we can sit in the reclining seats so we had about a 20 minute ride home (I could probably only hold for 3 more minutes). I'm Fidgeting and squirming in the passenger seat of her car by now. It gets so bad that I basically started to cry.

We finally found a gas station that had one of those bathrooms where the door is on the outside. Normally, I would rather pee my pants than go in one of those but I was desperate. She pulls into the gas station and I jump out. I sprint to the bathroom and there is a sign on the door. "Out of order." In that moment I literally just lost it. I peed all down my legs and my jeans were soaked. My peed ran down my leg and drenched my 100 dollar UGGs. I just leaned on the wall crying for like 2 minutes and then started to walk back to my friends car. I guess she already knew because there was already a towel on the seat when I got in. She gave me a hug and drove me back home.

This is one of my most desperate wettings I've ever done in my life. I have a lot more due to my small bladder and refusal to use dirty bathrooms. I would like to post more of my stories on here. I hope you enjoyed.

*002*2018-03-14 11:23

{{10 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

Thats very unfortunate. Im so sorry.

}}

Thank you, but overall I actually enjoyed the experience!

