Another Big Accident

Author: princesspee27

*000*2018-07-05 03:57

This heatwave has been ridiculous, and ive done nothing but leave for work and run for shelter in my room with AC. I finally got around to writing this but yesterday afternoon, going home from work I was drinking alot of water to stay hydrated, a little too much, and by the time I got home I was bursting bad for a pee, so I went. The release got me REALLY kinky, and since I haven't actually wet in awhile, I kept drinking water and decided to have some fun.

I began to drink a big glass of water every half hour or so, and I relaxed in my nice AC room to binge watch a series. The first glass hit me pretty fast, since there was still some in me from earlier. I felt a pretty significant need to pee by the end of the first episode. Second episode started I drank the second glass. About midway through, I was now bursting again, I started fidgeting around in my chair. And by the end of the episode I was now bouncing my legs.

When I got up for the 3rd episode to drink the 3rd glass, now I was seriously bursting. I started to bounce up and down as I placed towels on the floor below my chair. Sitting through this 3rd episode was a big struggle. I was making all sorts of movements while trying really hard to focus on the show. I wasnt sure if i could even drink a 4th glass without losing it now. The 4th episode came and I didn't even wanna get up to drink anymore water. I was absolutely desperate, now moaning and squeezing my crotch as I felt little dribbles come out. I could barely focus on the show at this point, feeling my panties slowly getting wet. 

I wanted to make it to the end of the episode, I tried so hard to hold it, squeezed my spincter muscle while squeezing my crotch. 7 minutes left, I wanted to make it so bad! But I kept leaking through my fingers and pee began to drip from my hand. 4 minutes left now, A big spurt comes out of nowhere, was able to stop it, next thing I know, my bladder spasms, contracts, and bursts! I didn't make it... It felt out of this world to let go of all that pee, I sat there watching my pee rain off my chair soaking the towels below me, as i moaned in relief.

So ya, this proves that my bladder is not as strong as I expect it to be anymore. Kind of dissapointing but hey, nothing feels more amazing than that final burst beyond your control and you have no choice but to watch yourself soak yourself like a child

