A Fun Time

Author: Probablyme

*000*2020-05-04 21:48

Okay, so if you saw my latest post, you could figure out who this happened with. If not, it was with my boyfriend for who I call on here for privacy, Eric.

So lately we've been stocking up on laundry soap and supplies, because we're both in quarantine together and love doing omo. Anyway, this was earlier today.

It was Monday, so we both have online work. He asked me if I would accept the challenge of wetting all day, in my clothes.

I agreed, and so when I got dressed went a little overboard. I had on five pairs of panties, somehow I got them all on, three pairs of leggings, and jean shorts that would be nice and snug.

He came downstairs and was amazed that I was gonna listen. The only exception is if you had to poop, then you can use the bathroom, but wetting you did in what was on you.

So we had a couple online meetings each, and I had on my work sweater on top, my coworkers couldn't see the bottom, thankfully. I drank about four cups of tea and a glass of water before so it could be interesting.

Whenever I had to go, I would just go. I had towels on the office chair, in case I leaked. It was going great.

Around 12, we both had a break. He hadn't thought like I had and didn't layer, and Eric knew he had made a mistake. His crotch had gotten darker. We were making lunch, and he felt my bottom. I looked at him, smiling and asked, "what is it?"

He replied, "you're nice and warm. Lucky." If only he knew how many layers I soaked through :-) .

The rest of the day was fine, and my last meeting had 2 minutes left, and I had to go. But I looked down and saw my crotch starting to get dark. Crap.

The meeting ended, and Eric walked in and looked down, smiling mischievously. He then tackled me to the floor and started tickling me and said, "if I'm gonna look wet, do are you!" And he continued, until I knew I had soaked through it all.

He reached down and rubbed my crotch. "Well, we both lost, but this was a lot of fun." I had to agree. He then picked me up, and walked out of the room. After dropping me on the couch, I partially helplessly, but partially amaused, as he be gain to undress me, layer by layer. By the time he got to the panties, he knew I had been wetting because you could see it through. He smirked. "Yeah, yeah...we're even." I told him, "for now"

