Guy wetting skirt in public

Author: peeboy18

*000*2020-01-19 00:51

So for background, I am a guy who really gets off from wearing skirts but i never wear them in public, until now at least.

So I was studying with some friends for a few hours and I decided that I would hold while I did this, so over our 3 hour session, I drank almost 50oz of water. By the time we were done I was very desperate, probably like a 7 out of 10.

As I was driving and thinking of where I wanted to wet myself, I realized I needed gas badly, so I pulled into the gas station not thinking it would be a problem. Boy, was I wrong.

As soon as I stood up to get to the pump, I realized I was having trouble. When I started pumping the gas and having to listen to the liquid go into my tank, my desperation shot up to a 9 and I couldn't help but start doing a potty dance while i was finishing.

I managed to get back into the car without a leak but I knew I wasnt going to last long so I unbuttoned my pants and undid my zipper to try and buy some more time, all while squeezing my dick to keep it in

I pulled into a dark corner of my local movie theater parking lot (and this happened on a friday night, so the lot was pretty full). While trying not to leak, I strip out of my black jeans and boxers and switch into a pair of women's leggings and a mini skirt.

(To help paint the picture, these leggings are a very light grey and the skirt is so short that it barely covers my ass. Also, it was incredibly windy, so the skirt was not staying down).

I get out of my car and I immediately feel myself leak into the thin, skintight fabric. At this point I had to go so badly that nothing I was doing, not even holding myself, was going to stop it, so I had to give in. Piss rushed down my legs and anyone that looked over at me would have immediately known what was happening since I couldn't keep my skirt down for the life of me. The thought of people being able to see me mixed with the naughty feeling of crossdressing in public and the hot piss rushing down my legs, I couldn't help but get hard.

About a minute and a half later, my bladder was empty, my skirt, leggings, and shoes were soaked, there was a large bubble below me, and my cock was rock hard. I couldn't help but get in my car in my wet clothes and use my vibrator until I came, in full view of anyone who wanted to watch.

That was the first time I wet in public, crossdressed in public, and came in public and honestly I'm getting hard writing this and I cant wait to do it again.

*002*2020-02-23 15:13

{{On 1/19/2020 at 7:37 PM, Atrix said:

Wow.

Honestly, I also like to wear woman´s clothing and pee myself in them (Gives me that humiliating and sexy feeling at the same time). Your story made me hard too xD.

I shared a little story of myself today on: $/56806-close-call-my-sister-almost-found-out/

You can check it out :P

What shoes were you wearing? If I had the pleasure of doing something like that I would wear some heels :3

}}

I didnt get to wear heels as I sadly dont own any but I wore a pair of baby pink converse that got absolutely soaked from this

