Wetting in wedding dress

Author: Pee princess1

*000*2022-07-22 22:48

So far of all my wettings this has got to be one of my favorites so far. I have wanted to pee in a wedding dress for a while. I just like the thought of looking so pretty in a wedding dress and then just peeing in it and it lived up to expectations.

So before I was even dressed I already has to pee A LOT. I go to get dressed. As I’m putting my panties on I feel like I’m gonna leak. As I’m going to put some undergarments on I actually do leak in my panties so before I’m even dressed I’m a bit wet so a good start. I finished getting dressed without leaking anymore. The dress is knee length and the skirt part of it has exactly 8 layers so it’s a pretty poofy dress which I like about it. Probably would have been more fun with a floor length dress but it was still very fun. Under the dress I’m wearing a bra, white panties, light brown high heel shoes and white tights. I wore a white sweater over the dress but left it unbutton because I liked the way it looked like that and I wore a vail with it.

It took 10 minutes after getting dressed for the next leak to come which was weird because usually after the first leak I will be constantly leaking. This one leaves about a penny sized wet spot on my tights. After that the leaks started coming much faster the second was small but the third was bigger and now the wet spot went down to almost my knees. Then after the fourth it was at my ankles. I was almost at the point where it started to pool in my shoes. A few leaks later and the pee just started to reach my shoes. 

There had been a lot of leaks by now so I lost count but by about the tenth one I had a 5 minute break between the next leak because a lot came out on the tenth one. I went into the mirror to look at myself because I knew I could hold it after letting a big leak out. I looked so pretty in the wedding dress and the giant wet spot going all the way down to my shoes just made me look even prettier. I’ve dressed up in wedding dresses many times before this but I’ve never peed in it before now so this was a fun new experience.

A few minutes after that the next leak hit me. It was another one of the smaller leaks and by know my tights where so wet that it didn’t make the wet spot any bigger. I had about 5 more small leaks before I couldn’t hold any longer and it all started to come out. My tights where already soaked and they became even wetter. The pee started to pool in my shoes. It was just such a great feeling to let it all come out especially in such a pretty outfit. It took about a minute for me to let it all go. My tights were completely soaked now. 

Every time I took a step there was a splash from the pee in my shoes. My dress actually stayed pretty dry but the inner layer was a bit wet. I went to go look in the mirror and the wet spot was a bit bigger before. It looked so pretty to see such a big wet spot on my tights in my wedding dress. I just stayed dressed like that for a bit because it felt so good to be wet in my tights and shoes and the dress was super pretty and comfortable. It was a very fun wetting to say the least, I would definitely recommend wetting in a wedding dress to anyone who wants to do it.

*006*2022-07-26 03:29

{{9 hours ago, PeeNewbieGirl said:

So you just put on your wedding dress and peed in it without even beeing on your own wedding?

I just like the thinking of, after the long wedding day, when my future husband and i go to our room, right before getting undressed. This would for me be the perfect "peeing in a wedding dress" moment. So my future husband can enjoy it and so i will. And then have great sex. But probably we will be to tired to do all this on our wedding night.

}}

{{3 hours ago, wetting_fan said:

Ughh this is like a peak fantasy of mine. Thanks for sharing, that was ungodly hot to hear about! I imagine that if I ever meet my omo queen, that we'll set something like this up on our wedding day. It would go something like she stays really hydrated and goes as normal throughout the day, something like rapid desperation... then as the after party winds down, she drinks a bunch and goes for the hold... legs crossed all the way to our room...yea... Maybe even add a pull-up to the mix in case of any leaks

}}

Yeah, fantasies like these gave me the idea to do this, this has got to be one of my biggest fantasy

*009*2022-07-26 21:35

{{7 hours ago, diokno44x said:

Nice. Long loose clothing like that is arguably the best to wet in

}}

Yeah things like that are some of my favorite things to wet like skirts or dresses and I’ll also wet myself in leggings or in a swimsuit sometimes too but I like wetting myself in longer clothes because then you can feel the wetness going all the way from your hip to your ankles

*015*2022-08-02 13:36

{{14 hours ago, John_John said:

I'd love to hear the story of you wetting that white dress

}}

{{23 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

I done it, but it's just not the same. Only real wedding dress is a wedding dress.

}}

I’ve peed myself in white dresses and skirts too. It’s one of my favorite things to pee in but still not the same as a wedding dress.

