The most desperate day at work

Author: PrincessPEEach

*000*2022-05-14 13:13

I work in a really professional job. It’s inappropriate for me to play there, so I don’t. But yesterday was the day that tested me the most in quite a long time….

It all started with it being casual Friday. I love jeans day, but for whatever reason, jeans totally get me thinking about wetting so for that (and various other reason) I was already thinking about it before I even left for work. I had an absolutely jam packed day in my schedule, but even so there’s usually a chance to slip out to the bathroom. So I don’t even think about what I’m drinking. My usual is water and coffee at home, then a large coffee in the car, a litre of sparkling water before lunch, and one after lunch. I often have another coffee or a soda at lunch. Yesterday was exactly that.

Coffee and water at home and then I finished the to-go coffee and got into the water before I even went into the first location I had to visit-a new site I’ve never been to. We got a tour (which did not include bathrooms) but I didn’t need it yet anyway. I finished the water and was totally feeling it by the time I had to leave at lunch. I figured I’d find someone to ask on the way out, but it was lunch there and no one around. Sigh. No worries, not incredibly urgent yet, plus I had to stop for lunch anyway and I knew the place I was thinking of has a bathroom. still, as I was driving there I couldn’t help but think about how naughty and food it would feel to leak a little just for funnnn….but I didn’t.

Placed my order, went to dash back to the bathroom. “Out of order” This NEVER happens to me. In fact I’ve always thought people overplayed how often this happens but yup. Out of order. Sorry for the inconvenience. Sigh. That made me squirm a little, because I was so close to relief and holding a lot of coffee and water since early that morning then my order took for. Freaking. Ever. I dunno if it was being so close and denied, or just waiting around with nothing to think about but that, but I was feeeeeling it so bad. Thankfully, my second site was just around the corner. Parking there is a bitch though, and of course I had to park waaay down the street around the corner. Siiiiigh. Long walk, carrying a ton of stuff, including my salad and drink and another big bottle of water and freaking squirming

Finalllllly made it inside, and went to sign in. Of course two people nab me right away, before I can even set my stuff down or sneak into the bathroom. This location has THE. WORST. Bathroom situation. One tiny bathroom right in the main office, paper thin walls, no privacy and the only other bathroom waaaaaay down an obscure hall. So aside from excusing myself mid conversation to loudly pee in the bathroom right next to everyone, I was stuck being professional. Besides, it’s really hard to catch people at this location so I didn’t want to miss the chance to connect about some important stuff. Finalllllly got free, and went to drop my stuff in the room I was using and hit the bathroom. Walking down the endless hall, praying no one would stop me…..Potty dancing as I unbuttoned my jeans and yanked them down, yanking my panties out of the way and finallllllllly letting go. Sooooooo good. The. Longest. Pee. It went on and on and onnnnnn. Gawd I needed that so bad.

Spoiler alert….the afternoon was even worse (and yes, it will eventually end with a pee experience….)

To be continued

*002*2022-05-14 14:12

Hahaha….

So I had just enough time to eat the salad (why do salads take so long to eat anyway…so much chewing) and drink the bottle of soda before heading into the afternoon. My afternoon was really slammed. Direct with a client and then a double booked meeting that I was going to have to join late, followed by one more meeting lol.

Honestly, I could have totally peed again before going in with the client but the salad took so freaking long to eat and the bathroom was sooooo far away, just no time. So I didn’t want to open the water, but gawd it was hot and I was thirsty…so against my better judgement I got into it. And of course some unexpected issues came up that I had to follow up on right after, so absolutely no chance to duck into the bathroom before the next meeting, which I was already late to and the water was half gone already

Thankfully it was a virtual meeting and I was attending from a private meeting room, so I could relax a bit, but honestly that just gave me more time to sip away at the water and daydream about doing naughty things. And my bladder wasn’t helping. Diet soda is one of my weaknesses. I love it but it makes me have to peeeeee so bad. So I was definitely feeling it just right, perfectly full and a little squirmy and feeling lazy and naughty on a Friday afternoon. Soooo hard not to be naughty. But I settled for squirming against my chair and daydreaming.

In my schedule, I had a short break before the next virtual meeting, but in reality, I had to follow up on the issues from before, and the layout of the building meant I was nowhere near the good bathroom. Everything seems to take longer when you’re tight on time, and I was actually running late for my final meeting. So no bathroom, but feeling extra naughty I stopped and refilled the mostly empty sparkling water bottle from the fountain….living very dangerously heading into the final meeting. I can hold a lot, and I was feeling just perfectly full….where it’s a constant reminder but in a good way.

Of course an hour into the 1.5 hour meeting, I was absolutely bursting. Squirming, legs together, then crossed, then bouncing. Dyyyyyyying to peeeeee. As I wrapped that meeting up I was reallly hoping I could make it home and give into the temptation to be naughty. Packed up my stuff in record time, did something very bold for me at work…..maybe seems boring and no big deal but it was sooo good and felt super naughty since I never play at work. As I reached way across the table to unplug my computer I took the opportunity to totally grind against the corner of the table. Soooo good. Repeated that a few times and reallllllly had to fight the urge to be naughty….(must try that again later in a more appropriate location). And went to dash (errrrr….take the long walk….sigh) back to my car.

Was reallllllly feeling it by then. Less of the good feels and more of the totally bursting and can’t stand still, almost unpleasant kind of feels and of course, even though it’s past the end of the day on a Friday, there’s still someone present to nab me and sick me into a follow up on the issues from before. Even worse, we end up having to make a phone call to another person to close the loop on it before heading out. Agony. Absolutely the most I’ve held for ages.

I could see my chances of making it home evaporating before my eyes. I don’t like playing when it hurts and i was already there. I was so desperate I was even gonna go in the office bathroom just to get some relief. But I’m the end it was another frantic freaking dash down the stupid hallway because the office was actually locked at this point . I can’t remember a time in recent memory where I’ve had to go that bad. I genuinely could not stand still and couldn’t walk fast enough. I was panting and almost whimpering by the time I made it there. I dunno about you guys, but when I hold it too long, then I have this problem where it’s hard to get started.

So I yanked down my stuff again, dropped onto the toilet and prepared for blissful relief. But instead i had this agonizing moment where I couldn’t even pee. Torture. And then when I could, it was just trickling out. I had to go soooooo freaking bad and it was not coming out fast enough at all. It was like I had no control over it, just this maddening little trickle…..It felt sooooo good and also so agonizing all at the same time. I pressed on my bladder and then I couldn’t help but touch myself while I peed, which was ok when it was a trickle, but almost made a mess when it finally started coming out regularlyoops.

I didn’t think it was possible, but I peed even longer than I had earlier. To the point that it was embarassing and I was hoping the cleaners didn’t hear me going onnnn and onnnnnn and on. I even thought I should try to stop so that I could play at home like I’d wanted to, but I just couldn’t. It felt so good.

*003*2022-05-14 19:33

So I was pretty disappointed I couldn’t hold it long enough to get home and play, especially when I got home and found out I totally had the place to myself for an hour or so. I still wanted to play…..but I definitely didn’t need to pee lol….sigh…..why couldn’t I have held on just a little longer?!?!

It was still nice to sit on the deck and relax in the sunshine at the end of a crazy day. And even though I didn’t really neeeeeed to pee like before, the side effect of holding it so long earlier was that I could already feel it again

So I totally relaxed and gave in. Mmmmmmm soooo good to finally just let go. Just a little wet spot, but after all the ridiculous situations of the day, it felt amazing to soaking into my jeans and spreading around my ass. Nice ending to a crazy day!

You can’t hardly even tell from the front…..maybe I could have totally gotten away with it at work….at least until I turned around

$$

$$

$$

