My partner wets while I game

Author: potato

*000*2022-11-10 01:25

Hey everyone, this is my first time sharing something here so please treat me kindly.

Some background. My partner and I are in our mid thirties, I'm tall and lanky, while she is very short and a little curvy. She's well aware of my fetish and likes to indulge me in wetting play. She also has a touch of narcolepsy and is prone to falling asleep at odd times. This was one of those times.

I've been getting equipment to try streaming for a while and thought today was a good day to try out. Nothing for actual broadcast, just testing out the camera, mic and how well my computer would do with it all. We both have a computer at the foot of our bed, and tend to spend a lot of time hanging out there.

She's doing her nails while I set all this up, wearing a light grey shirt and purple pants and ends up sitting next to me when I start playing. After an hour of playing the Witcher, I notice her leg starting to wiggle, she needs to pee. I look over and she is absorbed into her task, just really focused and really cute. I keep playing and she continues on, her leg wiggling ever few minutes.

She finishes with her nails and cuddles up to me, swinging her leg over mine. She wants me to rub her knee, so I switch games over to Slay the Spire, something I can play while doing that. She snuggles up while I rub her leg, and starts to doze. I didn't think anything of it at the time, it's a pretty common activity for us.

An hour goes by, before I get up to start making some food, it's a little after 6 and I'm starting to get hungry. I gently lift her leg off mine and slip off the bed, and then I freeze.

Her light purples pants have a clear dark patch, right over her crotch. I couldn't believe it, she had peed and not recently, the patch was faded and partially dried out.

She had wet the bed before, often enough that we have protection down, but I had never seen it like this, never while I was awake. It was a dream come true. That wet patch was incredibly hot to the point of utter distraction.

She started to stir from my movement, waking up, or so I thought. "I really need to pee" She said groggily, as I replied "I'll say" and headed downstairs, expecting her to follow shortly and started prepping the food.

But she didn't follow, and my imagination went wild as I cooked. Was she getting up to naughty fun on her own? Did she realize what had happened? Was she waiting for me? I scrambled to get dinner to the point I didn't need to watch it, and after about a half hour went back upstairs.

She was asleep, with a pleasant look on her face and a much larger wet spot on her pants. I watched on in shock as the darkness of the wet patch, dark purple against the light, darkened even further as new pee spilled into her pants and the spot spread. There was an audible gasp as I saw her wet, saw her pee in her sleep.

I got onto the bed and wake her up, shaking her leg a little. "Hey" I say, as she wakes and smiles. After a moment she say "I really have to pee" then pauses and slowly sates "I think I may have peed already". I smile at her and said "yeah, you did, and you are super hot". <omitted>

After dinner I finally remember what started all this. I was recording! I bring up the file and hit play. We both watch as nearly 30 minutes before I get up, a tiny wet spot appear on her pants, barely noticeable before expanding to a dime size after 10 seconds. A minute later it darkens and expands to the size of a half dollar. 15 minutes later the spot really darkens as she pees for a good ten seconds, the wetness expanding to where it was when I first got up, just darker.

It's another 20 minutes before she starts to wet again, I'm already down stairs at this point. But ever 2 to 5 minutes her pants darken as she rewets them, blissfully asleep as the spot darkens and expands again, and again.

She rewet 5 more times after that.

We were both so turned on afterwards that the rest of the night was not very productive.

*001*2022-11-12 20:02

I asked if I could share some of it, and didn't get permission for the video, but she's letting me share some stills.&&

Really blurry zooms, but it had to be that close for her to let me post them.

