Made It Home But Not To The Bathroom

Author: PianistPony

*000*2017-10-05 08:36

Hello, it's me Samantha again, I gave a small bio of myself in the beginning of my first story I will give you a bit more information about myself here today. Like I said in the last story i'm 5'9 tall and skinny (probably 120-130 in weight) I play the piano in a symphony here in New York, i've been playing for them for 2-3 years now, it's always been a dream of mine ever since I was a young girl to play in a symphony, so living my dream everyday is absolutely wonderful. But with all good things there are bad things to this job.... mainly long sessions of practice or the 4 hours performances we have to attend every weekend, why would this be bad you may ask? Well if you're on this site you can probably guess the long times between bathrooms breaks I get.

I don't have the greatest bladder but not the worst either, I can usually make it 5-6ish hours with some drinks in me. 8-9ish if I try my very best without drinks. Last weekend I had a performance on Saturday and I didn't make it back to the bathroom at home in time, i'll explain why I didn't go at the performance hall in the story. I was wearing a long black dress that dragged on the floor in the back and was very loose around my legs, certainly not the easiest to walk in I assure you especially with heels on, it was tight on the upper part around my stomach and my breasts but not painfully tight. I also want to make quick note I don't have big breasts and more do I care about such things, for those interested in my undergarments I was wearing a black bra and purple cotton panties with a fairly colorful waistband to them (they are really cute) Alright enough of this long introduction lets get into it. Enjoy!

Saturday 11/30/2017

I woke up later then I usually do that day for some reason, I woke up to my walking past my room talking to my dad (yes i'm 22 and still live with my parents) I squirm around in bed due to my full bladder, I lay there thinking of what I have to do today with was nothing of importance until my performance that night, I sit up in bed and squeeze my legs together ignoring my bladder and grab my phone to check the misses messages I have. I replied to a few of them and ignored the ones I felt weren't as important, I plop down on my pillow and stair at my ceiling for a few minutes before my phone vibrates indicating i've received a message from a friend, I look at my phone read the text then look at the time 11:37am I put my phone down and get out of bed.

I stand up stretch and cross my legs realizing how dire my need for the girls room is now after allowing my body to wake up, I walk into the hall way and run into my mom, she starts talking to me I bob up and down slightly singling to her I have to pee but she doesn't seem to care as she goes on about how I shouldn't be sleeping this late being 22 years old, and how I have to help out with decorating for halloween (we have lots of decoration for every holiday in out family also I'm an only child) I nod and apologize while crossing my legs tightly standing right outside the bathroom in my short pink nightgown. She says she'll be out in the garage getting the decorations down and tells me to hurry up and get dressed and help out, as she walks away I go into the bathroom to finally relive myself.

Brushing my hair before putting it up in a pony tail and getting dressed into some skinny jeans and a tank top accompanied with my black bra and purple panties, I walk down stairs and head to the kitchen wanting to tame the beast that is my growling stomach, I open the fridge and pull out a container of left overs from the night before, chicken with mashed potatoes and corn one of my favorite meals.

I throw my food in the microwave for a few minutes, while my food is heating up I pour myself a glass of ice cold tea (my favorite drink I must add) and get the fork and knife I need to eat with for i'm not an animal like my dog Snowball who just so happens to walk past with his favorite toy is his mouth. I take his toy from him and throw it as falls into the next room, he runs after it as soon as the microwave starts beeping as to indicate the start of a race for him but tells me my food is ready, I sit down at the table with my food and ice tea. I fool around on my phone as I eat my lunch, my dad walks in hits my pony tail and calls me sleepy head for not waking up till practically noon, he pours a cup of coffee and sits down at the table with a fork stealing a few bits of my food. After I finish my lunch dad goes outside and I meet mom in the living room with some boxes.

Mom gives me some direction on to where she wants the houses that light up and where she wants the hall hangings, I sigh not thrilled about doing manual labor before having a 4 hour performance that night but I do live here and I should help my parents in any way that I can, I start decorating the house which takes a few hours, I drink more ice tea as I check my watch which tells me it's 2:30pm. After finishing the tasks I have done for my mom I go to the piano room to get in some practice on a few of the more difficult songs we'll be playing for the audience tonight, while I practice my dad walks in apologizing for interruption and tells me that I should get ready to go soon, it takes me about an hour and half to get ready.

I stop playing and walk to the kitchen to get a glass of ice tea looking at the clock which now reads 3:45, I ask my dad if he can heat me up some soup before I go to my performance. We are required to be there no later then 6 as the performance starts at 7pm, but most everyone shows up between 5-5:30, so I quickly finish my cup or tea I just poured and go up to my room and start on my make up, I don't usually do anything special with my hair as there is no requirement for it so I take it down and brush my hair before I get out of my jeans and tank top and put on my long dress and black heels. I walk down stairs after about an hour and notice my bladder is full due to all the drinks i've consumed during the day, I sit at the kitchen table with my legs squeezed very tightly and wiggling my butt quite a bit while I eat my soup, I make quick work of my soup which was accompanied with another glass of ice tea.

I stand up and pee dance a bit, walking around he kitchen and bobbing up and down with my tightly crossed legs a bit before looking at the clock which reads 5pm now. I tell my parents I have to leave now, I always hold my pee in right before I leave and hold it until I get back which I usually can make it back, but to be honest most of the time my panties aren't completely dry when I get home anyhow I go to the bathroom and drive to my performance.

I make it to the performance hall by 5:35 not early, but not late either, I mean I usually want to get there earlier but my stick bathroom schedule I need to fallow or else I risk having an accident. I meet up in the back where everyone is tuning there instruments and making sure they look as perfect as a picture of royalty, I change into my heels while engaging in conversations with a few members, we discuss on the finer points of our job as we strive for absolute perfection and how difficult the pressure can be on some of the more harder songs, we joke to lighten up the mood at the clock reaches 6:20 and we have to take the stage and wait till 7pm.

I click the puddles under the grand piano and hit a few of the keys making sure it's how its suppose to sound satisfied with the sound I fix my dress underneath my butt so its not all scrunched up and fold some of it up to give me a small cushion on the hard wooded piano bench but to no avail it's still uncomfortable as ever, I fix the front of my dress and make sure it's not under my heels so I can hit the peddles under the piano.

The performance begins on time and we play until the 9:15 mark where we are given a short intermission, we get a chance to breath and get some water if wanted. On most nights I normally don't get anything but my throat was extremely dry tonight probably due to pressure I was feeling after just finished a duet with a violinist Lauren, which went perfectly but still nerve-racking nonetheless I get a small bottle of water. After returning to the piano I notice my bladder is pretty full knowing full well I need to wait until at the very least 11pm when the performance ends.

The second half of the performance starts I squeeze my legs before we start and unsqueezed them as I need to maintain perfect posture to play, after about an hour I realize we only have 5 songs left and my bladder is very full, I have to do my best to not squirm around on the bench. After a few more songs I can't help but start wiggling my butt as my bladder is very full now i'm focusing all my strength on not leaking into my panties or worse in front of the someone thousand people who attend tonight knowing we're only a few songs away from finishing.

The last 2 songs which weren't very long felt like an eternity to my bladder which just desperately wanted to let out all this pee in me, I knew I shouldn't have had that water and I'm seriously regretting it now, thankfully I make it through the final song. We all stand up and when I do I cross my legs as tightly as I can, we take a bow which puts slightly to much pressure on my bladder and I leak into my panties I quickly stand back up and continue to keep my legs desperately crossed.

As well walk off the stage I look around quickly and notice no one is looking at me I quickly hold myself which gave me such a great feeling of confidence to hold it, I quickly say my goodbye to everyone and rush out to my car, once i'm out of site of everyone I walk with my hand between my legs, I debate about going back inside once i'm outside by my car and holding myself and dancing around desperately but I realize that the bathrooms are probably full of others who were in my situation which is more people then you would realize. I tell myself I can make it home it's only a 20 minute drive or so I should be fine, I get into my car and scrunch up the front of my dress into a small ball and shove it tightly in between my legs, I leak more into my panties, the pee spreads a bit to my butt, I really debate on what to do but realize i'm wasting more time doing nothing, so I start driving home the time shows 11:35pm.

I pull into the drive way at 12:05 I managed to keep my bladder under control since that first leak in the parking lot, I quickly park and and get out of that car which makes my bladder spams and leak pretty bad, some pee runs down my legs and onto my feet, I don't have my heels on right now because you shouldn't drive in heels. I hold my dress up and hold my crotch right outside my panties getting my hand wet as I desperately press my hand into my crotch as I can't stand still at all now, I walk to the front door pee pee dancing looking through my purse for my keys, while i'm looking for my keys I leak pretty badly the pee hisses and splashes onto the floor I stop and grab myself through my dress since it fell down while I started looking through my purse.

I managed to stop the pee but my dress now had a pee spot on it now, I thankfully find my keys and hurry into the house and walk as fast as my bladder allows me to at this point to the bathroom door, I try the handle and I find it locked, I knock on the door pee pee dancing outside of it, my mom says she's sick and is going to be in there for awhile, I tell her i'm about to have an accident if she doesn't come out right now, she told me to hurry and go upstairs.

I run to the stairs with my dress up and i'm pushing into my crotch once again through my peed panties, my bladder is screaming at this point, I get half way up the stairs and my bladder can't take it and I start leaking every send now, it's stating to run down my legs, while I leak I make it to the top of the stairs, knowing i'm pretty much peeing myself I walk to the bathroom leaving leaks of pee to be mopped up by my dress that drags behind me, I step into the bathroom and I start hissing loudly and start peeing myself uncontrollably, the pee rushes out of me and I sigh is the sweet relief after holding it for nearly 7 hours.

I was to relived to move and peed all over the bathroom floor making a huge puddle on the ground, I look at my panties and see the 2 shades of purple they are now due to the wetness of the parts around my crotch area. I take them off and throw them on the floor followed by my wet dress.

I wrap myself in a towel and take another towel to clean up the leaks I left on the stairs and the hallway, while I was cleaning up the pee my mother came up the stairs to see the accident I just had, she told me I really have to be more carful and scolds me about how a 22 year old girl shouldn't be peeing herself, she tell me to make sure I clean it all up and do laundry, I blush from embarrassment about the accident I just had, and agree to the cleaning and laundry duty. I take a shower and put my wet clothes in the laundry basket and get into a pair of dry black cotton panties with white polka-dots on them and my short pink nightgown and go to sleep for the night.

I hope you enjoyed the story today I do want to apologize for it being so long today, I enjoy writing about my experiences and I enjoy writing is details and keeping them lengthy. I will certainly bring more stories to you guys in the near future.

- Samantha

$$

*010*2017-10-06 12:24

Apologies on the date there, it should have be September 30th 9/30/2017

Thank you all for commenting, I'll be posting another story up later today.

*012*2017-10-08 05:20

{{On 10/5/2017 at 5:57 AM, amberpee said:

Samantha,

Your stories are truly wonderful and a pleasure to read. Very cool that you are a professional pianist – especially as you get to live your dream. Did you attend a special school such as Julliard for training?

Another question if you don't mind me asking, I have never attended a symphony, but I understand there are multiple instramentalists of each type (i.e. multiple violinists, celloists etc). Are there multiple performers who could play the piano in a pinch if you are sick or for another reason cannot perform that night? I suppose you try to fight through it as much as possible, but some times no matter the effort your body has other ideas.

Sorry for the long post, I just find it all so fascinating.

}}

Hello amberpee, there are multiple players for each instrument in the symphony, we have 5 people who practice the piano in case of emergency situations due to feeling ill or perhaps some family event that can't be passed up. I play the violin as well but thats as a last resort to have the full section finished off, I haven't had to play the violin since joining. I attended a special private middle and high school for music while growing up, and I did spend time at Julliard, thank you for taking interest in my stories, I hope you've enjoyed the others, feel free to message me sometime.

*015*2017-10-09 02:14

{{On 10/5/2017 at 8:45 AM, wettingman said:

I love long, richly detailed desperation and wetting stories. This is the hottest one I have read in a while. The picture of your wet panties is a big plus. I gather you enjoy being desperate, and about to wet your panties. I love hearing a female describing this in detail like this, and I enjoy the feeling myself.

This is the first post of yours I have read . I am now looking for the others. I look forward to reading more such tales of desperate struggles to hold your pee and what follows

}}

I wouldn’t say I enjoy being desperate, it’s just unfortunate times in my life that I get zero enjoyment out of. I just figured I’d share some stories of my experiences so others can know they aren’t alone.

{{On 10/5/2017 at 2:29 PM, Foxlover said:

You play piano in an NYC Symphony!?

Good Lord, you must be incredible! I study here at a conservatory in Boston and have often been up to New York with the hopes of hearing music like that! (despite being more jazz/contemporary focused myself)

}}

Oh that’s wonderful to hear you’re studying a topic of relation to mine. I like jazz but not close the love I have for my classical music.

