(Male) Wet Pants Are One Thing...A Wet Shirt Is Another

Author: peepleperson

*000*2017-12-14 00:32

I had some time to burn earlier today, so I decided to be a little daring and try something I'd never considered before. I had the day off from work and I was way overdue for an omo experience, so I spent much of the day downing water. I spent the earlier hours of the day doing some fun, but fairly tame things: Peeing in the sink, into bottles, and whatnot, but didn't quite feel satisfied this time, so I decided to go for a walk and see what kind of trouble I could get into. It was about 2 or 3 in the afternoon when I made it to a nearby park. By this point, I hadn't relieved myself in about 45 minutes and had been drinking quite a bit of water, so I had to go pretty badly. The park was sparsely populated.

There were a few people playing basketball on a nearby court and a handful of people doing something on the other side of the park, a fair distance away. I was wearing normal blue jeans, so I couldn't really get away with wetting around people in broad daylight. Alternatively, I could try discreetly peeing by a bush, tree, wall, or trashcan, but none of those seemed particularly exciting. With all of this contemplation, however, I began stiffening up. In order to avoid being conspicuous, I had to adjust my penis so it was pointing up. At that moment, an idea struck me. I found a nearby bench and sat down. By now, I was getting desperate.

I shot a quick glance around to make sure nobody could see what I was doing. The guys playing basketball were totally oblivious to my presence and nobody else was close enough to have any idea what was going on. Slowly, I slid my hand into my pants and adjusted my hardware (which was, in fact, very hard at this point) so it was caught between my lower abdomen and my waistband, making sure to keep everything covered by my shirt. It was a bit tantalizing to have the pressure of my pants on my penis while so aroused and desperate to pee. Then, I applied pressure to my muscles below. It took a few moments and a fair amount of pushing, but before long, a few drops of pee spurted out, dampened my gray shirt, and warmed my abs.

By now, I was getting an adrenaline rush. I shook with excitement as the next spurt transformed into a stream. Before long, I could hear a faint hiss as urine cascaded up onto my shirt, chest, and abs. I looked around again--still, nobody had a clue. It was a bizarre sensation to be peeing all over my torso outside in the middle of broad daylight. My wet shirt stuck to me, obstructing the flow of urine, of course making it even wetter. A few cars drove by, but nobody seemed to note that there was a guy sitting there, peeing all over himself. After what seemed like ages, the stream weakened into a few final spurts.

I was totally soaked. My shirt stuck to my chest, abs, and sides, and pee had flowed down and soaked the waistband of my jeans and boxers, but despite being in absolutely pain view, it didn't look like I'd peed myself. Rather, it looked like I was the unfortunate recipient of an accidental spill on a chilly December day. I stood and assessed myself, which, of course, turned me on even more. The bench was wet in places, as well. My penis was still rock hard and, in the name of modesty, had to stay pointed up, wedged between my waistband and body, leaving nothing but a mild bulge "down there". 

The constant rubbing, of course, was nearly maddening as I began walking home. In fact, I had to slow down a few times for fear of ending up with a sticky mess to add on top of the wet mess. On my trip back home, about a 10 minute walk, I passed a few people on the sidewalk, including some girls. I garnered a few strange looks, but nothing more than curiosity--certainly no suspicions that I was dripping with pee--which egged me on even more. I was hydrated enough that, before I made it back home, I was able to shoot off a few more brief spurts. Finally, however, I arrived at my door and jumped into the shower to clean up.

*003*2017-12-19 03:52

{{On 12/17/2017 at 10:58 AM, neilscotland said:

{{19 hours ago, Dunney said:

I, too, would have let the sticky mess come.

}}

A sticky mess probably would not have made it look any different from the wetness - but it might have made you feel better!

}}

That's true, but I'm pretty uncomfortable letting that happen outside of the privacy of my own home.

*006*2017-12-28 04:34

{{On 12/19/2017 at 4:53 AM, Rileyy said:

Thats an amazing story thank you so much for sharing!

}}

{{On 12/21/2017 at 1:21 PM, AbeilleFemelle said:

Woah what an awesome story!! Are you planning on trying this again in the future?

}}

Thank you, both! I'm glad you enjoyed it! I may well try this again in the future! Though it'll probably be on a warmer day. Wetting on such a large scale so openly is unbelievably exhilarating!

