Private Piano Lesson

Author: PianistPony

*000*2017-10-10 06:13

I was 15 years old it was the last year I had private piano teacher it was Saturday and I went to the movies with friends in the morning before my lesson. I ended up coming home later then intended causing me to be right on time for the lesson, the teacher Christina was very busy and had a tight schedule to keep up with. I know full well my mom would want me to not waste any time I decided to skip a bathroom break before the lesson, as always I hope you enjoy the story.

I woke up Saturday morning to my phone buzzing on my nightstand, I pick it up and check the message on my phone

Katherine: Hey Sammi you awake, Emma and Julianna want to know if you want to go to the movies around noon?

Sammi: I have to be home by 3 for my piano lesson will the movie be over by then?

Katherine: The movie should be over by then so you coming or not?

Sammi: Well I can't be late for my lesson, I will come but can we see if the movie has an earlier start?

Katherine: Yeah we'll pick you up at 11.

I put my phone on the charger while I get ready, I see it's 9:30am I get out of bed and rush to the bathroom to take a shower and use the bathroom, I find the bathroom locked with my mom showering in it, asking how much longer she's going to be, she says 5 minutes, I decide to go down stairs for a quick bowl of cereal, knowing i'll probably be eating popcorn at the movies. I pour my bowl of smiles (Cheerios) sprinkle some sugar and top it with some cut up strawberries before drowning everything in milk, I pour a half glass of orange juice and sit down at the table with my legs squeezed together not having gone potty yet today but I don't bother using the downstairs bathroom as my situation isn't bad at all and begin to eat my breakfast. I hear my mom leave the bathroom as I come down to the last bits of my cereal.

I clean up after breakfast then walk upstairs and go into the bathroom for my shower and to relive myself, I walk to my room and finish drying off and get dressed for the day I put on tight black leggings and a dark blue dress with a floral pattern on it, my panties are dark blue cotton with a floral pattern on them matching my dress and a black bra. While I put on my black ankle socks and dark blue flats the doorbell rings startling me so much so I slip off my bed and onto the rug, I get up rubbing my sore butt and swiftly fly down the stairs and open the door being treated with my friends, I invite them in while I go tell mommy i'll be home right after the movies.

I kiss my mommy goodbye and grab my purse and phone and head out with my friends, I get into the car and Emma's mom tells us to put on our set belts as we drive off towards the movies, we joke around and giggle and talk as we make our way to the movies. I look at the time which shows 11:25am I see it takes nearly 30 minutes to get here, we file out of the car and say goodbye to Emma's mom telling her to please be here at 2:15pm.

We split up into 2 groups to tackle the tasks that are required to get in and enjoy the movies, I go with Katherine to the ticket counter and get the 4 tickets for the movie, we meet up with Emma and Juiliana who are holding 2 large popcorns and 2 large sodas, we quickly make our way to the correct theater which states out movie is starting at 11:45, I click my watch noticing it's currently 11:50am. I say we better get in and get seats as it was a very popular movie we attended and we were already late, we walk in and see the previews are still showing, we find seats in the middle of a row we walk past some people and take our seats a few minutes later the movie starts.

The movie reaches the mid way point and Emma mentions the need for the bathroom which makes me notice I have to slightly go as well and I sip more of the soda, Emma mentions she finished the soda already, Katherine nudges Emma telling her to stop talking and just wait. The second half of the movie reaches its ends and everyone stats spilling out of the theater and racing to the bathrooms, I check my phone and notice it's 2:20 and ask Emma if her mom is here yet stating I really have to get home. Emma calls her mom and asks where she is, she said she's pulling into the parking lot now.

Emma mentions she has to pee very badly now and wants to go before we leave, I know how she's feeling because i'm in need of the bathroom as well along with Katherine and Juiliana, I ask if we can please just wait till we get home because i'm afraid of being late for my lesson, they agrees to waiting after seeing the line for the bathroom. We make our way to the car and say hello to Emma's mom, on the way to the home we talk about the movie and our favorite part, anything to keep our minds off our bladder, or maybe that was just me, I look at my phone and see it's closing in on 3pm (2:45).

We of course seemingly hit every red light, and were slowed down by drivers slowing down to look over at a car accident that happened earlier, I notice myself squirming a lot in the car in need of the bathroom I probably shouldn't have drank all that soda, but I figured if I make it back before 3 I should have time to stop in the bathroom. We finally arrive at my house and to my disme the time shows 3:05 I say goodbye to my friends and hurry to the front door I cross my legs tightly waiting for mom to open the door, my teacher Christina opens it and states i'm late, I say i'm sorry.

We close the door and I sit on the piano bench and immediately start squirming really having to go pee, I try putting it off while warming up, I play the warm ups without thinking of them as they are secondary to me at his part. We start working on a few songs i've been practicing in the past week, I keep shaking my legs up and down and squeezing them together Christina asks if i'm okay, I blush and say i'm nervous I didn't practice enough and don't want to mess up.

I play a few songs and while Christina shows me corrections I sit on one of my hands and push into my crotch taking a quick glance at the clock and notice it's been an hour already, I only have to wait one more hour then Christina would leave and I can finally go pee. Christina shows me a few more corrections and brings out a few new sheets of music and telling me she wants to learn these this week, as she plays the songs for me I shiver from desperation and hold myself tightly thankfully she doesn't notice. I take my hand away from my crotch and I leak into my panties I squeeze my legs in a desperate attempt to only let that little bit out.

I'm practicing the new songs given to me by Christina, I look at the clock as if staring at it will make the time move faster to 5pm, I leak a bit worse then I wanted to, I feel the pee spread to my butt and my face gets red. Only 10 more minutes only 10 more minutes I keep telling myself in my head, Christina asks me a question as i'm completely zoned out. I cross my legs as tightly as I can and wiggling desperately on the piano bench, I try answering Christina's question but I come up with nothing more then a slight stutter...

"I... I..." I can't take it anymore and hold myself while crossing my legs I start leaking into my leggings and some pee drips off the piano bench, I tell Christina I have to go to the bathroom really badly. She asked if I was sure I couldn't wait 5 more minutes until the lesson was over, and before I could answer my bladder gives up and I start hissing into my panties and leggings, the yellow liquid spreads to my butt and races over the edge of the piano bench like a waterfall puddling the hard wooded floor underneath it.

I quietly answer no and I feel my face getting red as my stream comes to and end, I feel tears in my eyes and start to cry, Christina tells me it's okay and this isn't the first time a student has had an accident in front of her, she also states the next time I have to go during a lesson I should just tell her. I stand up and see the puddle left on the bench and the ground the back of my dress dripping, Christina comes with me and talks to my mom about what happening which helped ease the tension my mom was feeling about the incident, also helped me out of getting scolded. I thank Christina for the lesson and go clean up my puddle before showering and getting into my nightgown for the night. I was very thankful Christina helped me and was understanding, my mom didn't seem to mad either because of Christina. I hope you enjoyed the story, thank you for reading.

- Samantha

