Peeing in fear

Author: Pre94peereveng

*000*2022-03-09 20:03

My brother runs a company. He's a very business oriented person and is concerned about the development alone at any cost. He's powerful but less intelligent compared to me. He uses my intelligence a lot to develop his business. I'm very sharp and intelligent compared to him in everything except that I have a very small bladder . Also i drink a lot despite that as I'm a person with little attitude too. This small bladder issue of mine creates a lot of rift between me and him as i don't hold urine even for half an hour and will start leaking drops soon. But i don't bother much as i feel my comfort matters almost every time. 

One day he had an important business meeting with dew clients with whom he asked me to talk regarding business as I've a sound knowledge of finance than him. We were already bit late in traffic and i was thirsty and had tender coconut water on the way. His face got scary at my first sip itself as started looking at my bladder angrily. I always wear a loose short skirt till my half thigh alone without pantees mostly as it'll be easier for me to pee in the place where I stand or sit if incase I'm in a position where I can't/ I'm not allowed use a loo. Yeah I completely don't mind. In such a situation will just blow my skirt and pee right there and relieve myself.

We reached the office where the clients were waiting. I spoke with them well and the meeting started. But within two hours of meeting my bladder too started its work . It was full and about to explode. I silently said my brother that I wanted to go to washroom. He starred at me and asked me to hold for two more hours as the meeting was not over. I said in action that I can't and he got more panic as he knows about me and had many accidents too. But he kept quiet and started looking at his clients to avoid confusion. Then after 15 minutes i leaked few drops which fell in my brother's shoes. He grasped the situation and put his hand under the table and squeezed into my skirts and blocked my bladder to avoid further leakage. But that could stop only for another 10 minutes. Then few big pee drops escaped his strong fingers and reached the ground where it wet a client's shoes. He understood that a pee lake is going to form as his hands became completely wet with my urine.

Before he could think any other way the drops turned into a shower and i peed like a waterfall where everyone got up. I was still sitting relaxed and continued peeing for 3 whole minutes till my bladder was empty. Few white shoes turned yellow . Then i coolly pulled my skirts down.

