Girlfriend poops herself

Author: Plumber

*000*2016-06-08 18:15

A few days ago, I was spending my weekend at my girlfriend's place. It was Saturday and both of us were off work.

My girlfriend Tanya (name changed) and me are in a serious relationship for a year now.

Probably two months into our relationship I told her about my fetish and surprisingly she seemed interested.

I seen her wet herself (mostly intentional) many times, but it always ended there.

During our discussion regarding my fetish, I told her I was into poop as well, she wasn't repelled by it, but she dint show much of interest.

A few weeks earlier, I showed her a video of a cute girl pooping her pantie.

We dint speak much about it after watching, it was only sex that night.

So coming back to our weekend, it was around 12:30 PM, and the sun was literally burning us alive.

Due to the heat, our clothing were very minimal. I was in my boxers and she was wearing a pantie and a T-shirt that clearly was oversized.

I was sitting on a recliner opposite to the entrance of the kitchen and was able to see my girlfriend do the dishes very clearly (it was her turn).

I was lost in my smartphone, when I heard water splashing on the floor.

I was sure it wasn't the tap. My girlfriend smiled at me as her pee ran down her legs.

I instantly became hard and got up.

Immediately she requested me to remain seated.

I yealded to her request and remained seated.

I saw pee running down her legs as she emptied her bladder completely soaking her pantie.

Then she looks at me and says "I really can't hold it in anymore, please don't think I am weird".

I had no clue as to what she was saying until I heard a crack.

I then realized she was starting to poop herself.

That was the reason she dint want me anywhere near her.

She squatted a bit and pushed harder.

I could see a bulge under her ass and it was growing.

It felt like a dream come true.

When she was done, she walked straight into the wash room to clean up.

I respected her privacy as I could see she felt a bit uncomfortable.

After 15 mins she came out completely fresh and smelt like a perfume store.

She sat next to and asked was If i was repelled after seeing her poop herself.

I embraced her and gave a deep kiss and said " I love you" :)

*002*2016-07-07 10:56

I realized that after I posted this. I would love to talk about it to an other person sharing similar interest.

Unfortunately, I am still trying to understand this site, due to which I am unaware of the means to have conversations.

*006*2016-07-30 19:37

{{On 7/9/2016 at 6:00 AM, Barry said:

Super hot story, thanks for sharing!

This appeals to me on a lot of levels. I don't mind scat play occasionally, but I hate the clean up. It's the actual act of doing it that I like. I'll go ages without doing it, then get the urge to, thoroughly enjoy it, but get put off afterwards when I have to clean up, usually telling myself I'll never do it again.

I'd simply love to watch a female having a poop "accident," or have one myself in front of her. But I wouldn't want to help her clean up, and nor would I want her to help me either.

Your story ticks every box for me!

Would you ever poop yourself in front of her?

}}

I am glad you enjoyed it, and yes I've pooped myself in front of her, that would be another story :)

