Holding Tonight

Author: pianoboo

*000*2016-02-21 17:07

Hello all! I know it's been a while since I've been on, but I'm back! finally! so, right now it's about 11 in the morning. I got up and took my usual morning pee a few hours ago, and i fully intend to hold for the rest of the day, which sould end in car desperation or a car wetting later tonight. i'll keep you all updated as my day goes along!

*004*2016-02-21 23:39

Update 1: it's now about 5:45 in the afternoon. I've drank three large bottles of water today and two of tea. My need has only increased to about a 5/10 but I have a super strong bladder. It might take me all day.

*006*2016-02-22 16:02

Sorry for not updating last night guys! so last night at around 7 pm, I started my drive back to college for the week. I was at about a 6 or 7 out of 10, and not doing too bad. I thought I could make it through church with my amazing boyfriend (hes not religious, but he voluntarily goes to church with me because he knows I am religious) so I gave it a go. The mass was about an hour long, and at the beginning I was totally fine. I was still able to get by without fidgeting or anything, and I was sure i could make it through the whole mass. About five or ten minutes in to the mass, I was hit with a sudden wave of desperation, and my need rose to about an 8.5/10. I could barely make it through the rest of the service, and by the time the mass was over i was at a 9.5.

After church, my boyfriend and I had plans to go back to his dorm and hang out for a while. His dorm is all the way across campus, and it's about a 10 minute walk from the church. I was barely able to keep myself from spurting in my panties the whole time we were walking. he noticed that i was being a bit quieter than normal, and he asked what was wrong. i told him that i was getting a headache, and that i would be fine. when we finally made it to his room, i walked down the hall to the communal bathrooms as slowly and non-desparately as i could. as i was opening the door, i could feel myself losing it. i spurted for about two seconds into my panties before i was able to regain my control. i ran into the bathroom and finally got relief. i peed for over a minute, and when i was done i stood in front of the door to assess the damage. luckily, i was wearing a skirt, so only my panties were wet, and soon enough i would be able to attribute the wetness to something else entirely :)

