The real accident that started my fetish

Author: PantsWetter99

*000*2019-09-25 11:34

I had a real accident at age 19 last year that got me into this fetish. After a night of drinking with friends in a bar i had to walk quite a long way home (35 minutes or so) and i didn't want to use the bathroom at the bar. I could hold it until i get home, right? I'm an adult after all. Well... i overestimated myself quite a bit there. I was already super desperate when we all said bye to one another but i tried not to draw any attention to myself for having to use the bathroom really badly.

I said bye and started walking home on my own, when after 10 minutes a shudder went down my spine as i realized i probably won't make it home if i don't pee somewhere soon. But i was too afraid to just piss somewhere because i didn't want anyone to see me and judge me. And nearly all stores were close at that time, i didn't have anywhere to go... 10 minutes later i could barely walk anymore and my bladder hurt so much. I was leaking a lot. And then it just kinda happened. I started peeing involuntarily and felt a really warm sensation in my crotch. It felt so good I zoned out and i forgot to stop or to get my stream into control.

When i tried to stop it i couldn't anymore. I panicked and felt my heart sink to the bottom of my chest. WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING? I'm wetting myself in the MIDDLE OF THE STREET. i tried to run to make it somewhere more secluded but i couldn't stop peeing. I left trails of pee along the sidewalk. And I was still 10 minutes away from my appartment! I felt so many emotions at once: relief, embarrassment, shame, confusion and many more and i was just so overwhelmed i started to cry.

The tears just came without a warning as well, and before i knew it i was sobbing like a baby... Now my main focus was just getting home unnoticed. I tried to run (but it was kinda hard in soaked pants) and i could not stop crying on the way at all. I think a couple strangers noticed (thankfully it was late at night) but i tried to dart past them without looking at them. When i finally got home, i felt so disgusted in myself. My pants, socks and shoes were drenched. I felt like a toddler and i didn't like the feeling at all.

After i changed and took a shower, i just pulled my blankets over myself and still found that my heart was beating very rapidly. I didn't sleep much that night, i felt really scared. I was emotionally hurt... But the embarrassment faded over time and each time i thought about my accident it seemed less and less severe. Now i'm at a point where i think to myself "Hey, it's totally ok! Don't worry! It can happen to anyone," but it took me a while to get to that point. I developed a fetish for it the more i thought about it and the more i lurked on this forum. I have even wet myself on purpose (this time only in privacy) a couple times to relive those feelings, but of course they weren't close to what i felt the first time where i was just so unprepared for it. But eventually, I got over the shame and started to embrace it. And now when i look back at this event, i just think: "I had a real accident as a 19 year old guy? Awwww, how cute is that? It's totally ok!!"

*002*2019-09-27 17:42

I've wet myself as a child a lot of times times too, but i was never turned on, just upset. I think only when we're older, we can start enjoying things in a more kinky way.

