Almost flooded my pants loosing control

Author: Pisaj

*000*2025-04-22 17:35

I've decided to finally do another hold for the first time in a while. I found some escape room milovana challenge thing, so I decided that that could be fun. I was already wearing some boxer briefs so I simply put some jeans over them and got ready for the hold. The challenge made me drink many cups of water throughout and I already started to kinda feel it pretty early on. I don't have the strongest bladder, so I was already loosing hope of completing the challenge; however, I had decided to press on.

My bladder was already pulsing and contracting and I was trying to be subtle and not move too much, but it was extremely difficult, and I couldn't help but hold myself occasionally, rub my thigh, or bring my legs together. At this point I took out my phone and decided to record this for a bit. I then decided to opt for the strategy of getting hard in order to help me hold, which was already starting to occur anyways relatively quickly, since I have been abstaining for a long time. In my experience, however, this can only get you so far when you're bursting to pee.

After a few minutes I was already starting to double over and hold myself. My bladder was constantly contracting and I had to fight every wave with my strength and my hands. Moments like these I really start to feel like a true masochist for doing this in the first place. At this point, relaxing for at least a second would have resulted in a total flood going into my pants. I was standing there trying to hold on for as long as possible, I also tried to take a few pictures or videos, but they came out kinda lame due to my intense pressure. I was determined to not let out even a single leak as i fought contraction after contraction, the pee fighting the battle of its life trying to spray out of me. My bladder felt like a little balloon inside me that could pop at any moment. The challenge made me get another cup of water or two, and I swear I could feel the water pass right through me and right into my bladder.

At some point, I got the feeling of impending doom, so I decided to waddle to the bathroom. I had also gotten a "bad ending" to that challenge, and was supposed to wet myself. I wasn't planning on doing a wetting, so I decided to just keep holding and quickly take my pants off should anything happen. The pee was just about at my tip getting ready to spill out at any moment. I tried to keep holding but it was extremely difficult. My breathing was heavy, my hands were holding for dear life, I was squeezing every muscle I could. Alas, it became too much.

I wanted to take a short video, and maybe it was my phone that did it to me, but this is where my pee just started to leak out in a slow and steady stream. My squeezing did absolutely nothing at this point, so I quickly dropped my phone and undid my pants. I wasn't wearing a belt or anything, so it wasn't that hard. There was a constant growing glistening patch on my underwear from where the stream was coming out. I could barely even feel myself peeing as I was trying to hold back just for a bit longer. However, I pulled my underwear down and, with a slight moan, just peed into the bathtub with the greatest force I could have imagined.

And with that, I hope this was an enjoyable real. Thank you.

I did take a few short videos throughout the hold, but I really haven't decided if I wanna show them anywhere.

