A wet day at work

Author: peeprincessx

*000*2019-11-19 05:55

Today I woke up 15 minutes before I had to get to work, you all know that dreadful feeling of having to rush around and hurry to make it to work on time, my boss is very strict and since I’m only a casual, he’s threatened to fire me multiple times if I’m late, it’s a small Grocery business so I understand the need for punctuality, but it really stresses me out. Anyway, as I arrived to work and quickly rushed to the register I began to notice that I’d forgotten to take my morning pee, which I figured would be okay as I only had a short shift.

It was a very hot night last night, and I’d been drinking a lot of water to stay hydrated, which was definitely coming back to haunt me after my first hour into my shift, I was practically squirming while serving customers, and I was sick of them talking about how we need rain to stop the hot weather, it was making me truly desperate. The slushing sounds that the juices were making as I packed them into the grocery bag didn’t help either.

Finally the rush hour stopped and I figured I’d go and ask my boss if I could quickly go to the bathroom as there weren’t many customers in the store, when I approached he told me there’d been a spill on aisle 8 that I had to go and clean, he then stormed off because the delivery truck had forgotten half of the deli order, or something along those lines, I didn’t really listen because I was trying to focus on not wetting myself and making an even bigger mess to clean up. As I started to clean the mess, on my hands and knees as we don’t have a mop, only a sponge type thing (it wasn’t a huge spill either) I could feel the button of my pants pressing into my now bulging bladder, I could barely hold it, a few drops slipped out and into my panties (which for the record are brand new, I had no intention of wetting in them yet).

I finished cleaning the spill and went back to my register where I stood and squirmed fir the next few hours, dampness was building between my thighs and as I reached down to touch it I knew I had to go to the toilet soon, or I’d be peeing everywhere, in front of the customers. Eventually it became too much and I told my boss I was feeling sick and that I had to go home (I know that seems very dramatic but I o Kyrah had 30mins left of my shift and I wasn’t really thinking straight at this point) he let me as another employee had just clocked on and she said she could cover for me.

I quickly ran back into the staff bathroom but it was too late, I let go of my aching bladder into my brand new panties, my thick black work pants and all over the staff bathroom floor. It gushed out of me for a solid minute or more, creating a huge warm puddle of clear piss (it was good to see that I was hydrated). It filled my shoes and dampened my socks, but it was so worth it, the piss felt so good flowing out of me and tinkling onto the tiled floor, and the way my pants stuck to my (thick) thighs turned me on more then I’d like to say.

I quickly rushed home and have been thinking about how good it felt ever since, I might have to try it again sometime, hope you enjoyed my experience!! I’d love to hear about some of yours that were like this, it was pure torture, but I liked it

*004*2019-11-20 09:30

{{15 hours ago, Calvin1 said:

Was this your first public wetting? Very brave. It must have been very nerve racking and exciting walking out of there totally wet. Great story, hope to read another one of yours soon.

}}

This was my first accidental and public wetting, I was sooo scared because I didn't want to truly embarss myself at work, but there was always that cheeky feeling of being excited by the nagging of my bladder!! Thankyou for your comment

*005*2019-11-20 09:31

{{14 hours ago, wettingman said:

Great story. Did anyone notice your desperation or that you wet yourself ? Thank you for posting.

}}

No one noticed!! I was pretty impressed, I was wearing black pants and I sped out of the shopping centre as soon as I could, I'm sure the janitor noticed when he had to clean it up! Whoopsie

*006*2019-11-20 09:32

{{15 hours ago, Desperationpee said:

I liked your story apart from the wetting part cause I'm not really into

I never pissed myself in public even if some days ago I was really close to flood my pants on a bus in front of two girls that were teasing me for my squirming

You are really brave!

}}

Aww that's so mean they were teasing you, I bet you looked very cute!! Thank you for your comment

