In the Back of a Pickup Truck

Author: phile474917

*000*2017-09-27 23:34

Sorry for the short post, but I didn't see a better option than to make my own thread to document this experience.

Part of my job includes supervising people who were convicted of a crime and were forced to do community service hours by the court. As you probably can imagine, most of these people are not exactly going to win any beauty contests. However, one day I had the blessing of getting to work with a fairly attractive slim young lady wearing yoga pants and a t shirt. I'll call her Sara. The day went by normally, with the exception of Sara's rather numerous requests to use the restroom. She told me that she was taking allergy medicine that made her need to pee frequently. This was fine, however because there was one nearby to where we were working through most of the day.

Nearing the end of the fairly long, boring day, I decided that we would stop the physical work for the day and do some driving. We had a few things that needed to be transported so all we had to do was to load the stuff into the pickup truck and unload it at the destination. Nice easy work for the end of a hot, sweaty day. Sara, being a fairly small and skinny young lady, wasn't going to be much help lifting the heavy stuff that we were loading and unloading from the truck, so I let her stay in the truck and relax. She elected to spread out across the back seat and take a nap. I didn't think much of her until we were on our way back to base in order to clock out and go home.

We were sailing down the road at 40 MPH when some moron pulled out in front of us without looking and I had to slam on the brakes. Hard. Sara, unbuckled and laid out across the back seats, rolled/flew forward and slammed into the back of the front seats. Luckily I was able to slow the truck in time to avoid a crash, but from the back seat I heard Sara curse loudly. I asked if she OK, and she confirmed that she was not hurt. However, while I didn't know it at the time, the surprised caused her to have a bit of an accident. After my coworker and I filled her in on as to why we stopped so hard (she had been asleep), she told us that she really, really had to pee. It was at this moment that I started to wonder my avoiding an car accident had caused poor Sara to have have an accident of her own. Even though we were only a few minutes from our final destination, the sense of urgency was apparent.

Unfortunately, I couldn't see her from my position in the drivers seat. It wasn't until I watched her get out of the truck that what I suspected was confirmed. She slowly hopped out of the pickup truck and in doing so revealed to me a silver dollar sized wet spot on the front of her dark gray leggings, and as she walked away toward the bathroom as fast as she could with her legs pressed together, I saw the grapefruit sized wet spot on her bottom through her ineffective attempt to nonchalantly cover herself by dangling her hands over the damage on her lovely bottom. I did my best not to stare. Even though there wasn't much of a choice, I felt bad for making the young lady wet herself. That being said, it was probably outweighed by the image I have of those tight, wet leggings burned into my mind. Moral of the story, folks: wear your seatbelt!

