Sharing a Toilet?

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2017-10-09 04:13

Heyy everyone!! So I was recently browsing omo-/pee-related stuff and came across a video of a guy and girl simultaneously using the same toilet and thought it was suuuuuper hot! Have any of you ever tried this? The one I came across had the woman sitting with her legs spread and the man standing and aiming his stream between her thighs. I'd love to hear if any of you have tried this (or maybe even reversed the roles?! ) #RelationshipGoals

*004*2017-10-10 04:46

{{18 hours ago, largebio said:

Would you mind sharing the vid?

}}

Here it is! I imagine this is obvious, but for anyone who finds it offensive/a turn-off, it contains both male and female nudity:

%http://www.voyeurstyle.com/watch/4039/two-lovers-peeing-at-the-same-time-and-filming-that/

{{17 hours ago, liesjeversteven said:

I used to do that with my ex girlfriend. Either her or I would sit on the toilet like you described and i or she would straddle her or me and pee together. It's fun to do, very intimate. You can make out while both peeing. We tried to pee on each other's clit that way too.

}}

That sounds amazing!!

*007*2017-10-10 06:52

{{1 hour ago, zpqmzpqmzpqm said:

That sounds (and looks) absolutely awesome, but I honestly don't understand how the guy managed to do it. I'd get super hard before I finished, not be able to aim down, and have to dash over to the shower to finish or pee all over her.

}}

I'd actually wondered about that. Guess it depends on who you're with whether that's a positive or negative hahaha.

*011*2017-10-12 07:19

{{On 10/10/2017 at 2:24 PM, wettingman said:

He does appear semi-erect, so, still able to pee.

I can personally attest that it is possible for a man and a woman to share a toilet, because I have done it.

My then wife and I were driving home after a very long day , during which we were unable to pee. Neither of us had gone in 10-12 hours, and were painfully full, and extremely desperate to pee. I was driving , using one hand to squeeze myself when I could. She had her hand firmly planted in her crotch, and switching between squeezing her legs tightly together and scissoring them back and forth. As we approached home, she begged me to hurry up, because she was almost wetting her pants. I was not in any better shape , but i was limited in what I could do while driving.

Arriving home, instead of jumping out of the car quickly, she asked me to go unlock the door, because her pee felt like it was going to come out if she stood up. I told her mine hurt like hell and I also felt like I was about to wet my pants. I teasingly told her fine but then i get to use the toilet first. She said noooooo way, I will pee myself watching or even hearing you go.

I was out of the car by this point squeezing myself, not caring who saw, because wetting myself would be even worse.

I suggested a compromise, doing something I had long wanted to do anyway. Since we were so desperate there was no time for discussion. She quickly agreed we would go together. She ran to the bathroom bent over tightly grabbing her pussy. I was right behind her holding my dick. As soon as we were near to bathroom she began unbuttoning her jeans as I unzipped my fly. In a flash her jeans and panties we down and she sat down on the toilet, and spread her legs to give me room. Meanwhile i freed my penis from my jeans. We both started peeing immediately. Having started peeing so quickly I did splatter some on her thigh until I got my aim right. She did not like me peeing on her and did my me promise not to pee on her, so I didn't . We peed simultaneously for a good minute, with me making a deliberate attempt to not get any on her but allowing out streams to mix before hitting the water in the toilet.

Although simultaneous peeing is something I had long fantasized about, I did not get erect while we were going. Maybe it was because I had to go so bad , and was in such serious pain , from my distended bladder to the tip of my penis, I just wanted relief. Also as much as I enjoy many things pee related including being desperate, I don't usually get fully erect if I am that desperate that everything just hurts down there. I don't get sexual pleasure when in pain .

Now afterwards is another matter entirely. Also if it was just shee that was desperate I would enjoy it rock hard.

}}

Thank you for sharing!! It was an enjoyable read! I guess that makes sense that things wouldn't get moving down there while you're in pain. If you don't mind me asking, did you ever try it again when you weren't as desperate?

