Neighbors Chat with Me After I Wet Myself

Author: PrincelyDesire

*000*2021-09-28 04:12

This happened during the middle of the summer, after the heat wave. It was the evening and I was sitting at the table outside that my apartment provides, and it's where smokers are supposed to go. I was taking my time with my puff and enjoying the nice weather, as it was cooler outside than in my own apartment. It's situated just off the back corner, slightly sheltered by the shed and hedges around mu back and left, with a small field of grass to my right and up to the road. The building was in front of me, and though I don't think anyone would be able to see any details on me or what I am doing - I know I'm not invisible there and anyone could see me at any time. I was wearing a black tank top, black cardigan, and grey leggings that were a light and thinner fabric. I was sitting on a little chair pad I bring out with me.

I hadn't been paying attention to how much water I was drinking, alongside the iced latte I had with me, and began to notice my bladder feeling quite full. I didn't think too much of it as I am usually in control and I tend to receive multiple signals before it gets really bad. I was certain this would remain the case and decided to continue my smoke and whatever I was looking at on my phone at the time - something I was reading or youtube. Without warning, a wave of pressure came on strong, and I almost leaked. I pressed my knees together and tensed - from above the waste, I did my best to look as calm and normal as possible (which I am fairly good at, if I do say so myself). I realized that I was perhaps more desperate than I thought but I can finish this...

A few minutes later and the urges came back, but even harder. I clenched my jaw and held my breath as I tensed with all my might, shifting my weight and adjusting my position a little bit. I didn't understand what was happening or why I was so desperate like this, but I knew I could not move from where I was sitting or I was going to burst. I was trying to hold it back, trying so hard, I could feel myself shaking a little bit. I considered grabbing my crotch but was so afraid someone would come out back and see or just happen to see me like that out the window. 

And then it happened, a small leak. I shifted again and tried to breath. The pressure did not ease but was fierce as without warning, no matter how hard I tried to tense or clench, I spurted twice. I could feel the wetness already begin to soak the crotch of my underwear and knew my leggings would not hold up. I could not wet myself here. I could not leak more. It wasn't dark enough for me to hide it when going back in, and these leggings would show all my leaks. I was beginning to panic.

Suddenly a wave hit me, I stiffened and tensed as hard as I could but my pee hole simply couldn't stop it as I gushed for three seconds. I was horrified. Warm pee soaked my crotch and up my butt a bit - I knew the pillow below me would have a sizable wet spot. I couldn't believe that had just happened. I looked at the clock, if I waited another half hour or so, it would be dark enough, and hopefully no one would be coming out back...at least the pressure had eased.

It was finally beginning to get dark enough that I was beginning to consider I could pack up and go back inside, and some of the pressure was beginning to return, when one of the neighbors and his buddy came out back. They saw me and waved, I waved back, but my heart was filled with dread and I hoped they would not come over to talk to me.

They came over to talk to me.

There I was, sitting in a small puddle of my own piss, a still full bladder, wearing pants that would most certainly reveal my little accident if looked at in direct light. Not only did they chat with me, but they also asked if I wanted to join them for drinks, which absolutely was not going to happen (apart from the obvious, see: covid) considering my condition. Luckily, they didn't hang around long and I was able to slip back inside without anyone noticing or chatting with me. Once I was inside, well, I realized just how hot the situation was and excited that I had had my first genuine accident (even if small).

