Interrupted Challenge

Author: peeter69

*000*2025-05-27 16:42

Hey there.

I want to tell you about my first milanova challenge.

Yesterday was a normal homeoffice day. I was supposed to be alone at home after dropping off my wife to her doctors appointment. She wanted to take the bus to work afterwards. So as not much work was ahead of me and even the weekly meeting was cancelled it decided to have some fun and try one of those challenges. i picked the Theme park one and started it. It went fine. I had quite a bit of water in me after a few rides and pressure was building up in my bladder, but nothing bad yet. After two more rides it became more urgent and i had two small dribbles into my underpants. Then my wife if i could pick her up and drive her to work. Had no reason not to as i couldn't tell her what i was up to. So i stopped the challenge, went to the toilet and changed into fresh underpants. I thought back home i could change back into the wet ones. Then i drank another big glass of water to keep things interesting...

And it became interesting. I walked to the car and noticed my bladder is already filling up again. The way to the doctors was okay, but i felt every bump in the road. Nothing bad, easy 4/10. Let my wife in and drove her to work. The road felt bumpier than i remembered though and when i let her out at her workplace i was at a 6/10. As always when you kinda have to pee the traffic gets heavier and you move slower. When i parked the car quite a bit away i was at an 8/10 and my bladder was still heavily filling up. But hey, that's what i wanted and i enjoyed holding it. Even so much i even smoked a cigarette before going up home. 8.5, pants still dry and i wanted to keep it that way and hop back in the damp underwear that was waiting for me. At my door i was at a 9/10.

I managed to take off my clean clothes and get in my wetting underpants and the training pants i wanted to wet, but i was in a real hurry and couldn't keep still for a second. I wandered around for a minute or two and decided to take it to the limit. So i went back back to my desk and started that multiple choice challenge. You can choose you're bursting right away and i was! Already on the first one minute timer i spurted a bit. On the following two minute timer i spurted again, my crotch was wet. then i had to drink another glass of water... I did, but that was too much. No 30 seconds later i gushed in my pants and and to grab myself hard in my crotch to not flood my office room. I walked as fast as i possibly could to the bathroom on the other end of the corridor leaving a wet trace. When i reached the shower i finally could let it out freely. What a relief! (Photo attached)

The i showered, cleaned up the floor in bathroom and corridor and put the wet clothes in the washing machine. Just when i had started the machine and was back in my clothes my daughter came home from school, earlier than expected. Damn, that was close! But good! 😁

Hope you like my first story. hopefully more to come. 😉

&&

