Watering Plants Isn't Just For Guys!

Author: PeerPressure

*000*2018-02-16 01:24

Heyy everyone!! This one is probably a lot tamer than most of my recent posts. I've been caught in a dreadful conflict: On one hand, I urgently desire to do more daring pee adventures again. On the other, getting caught last time has left me mortified. Lately, I've been doing my pee stuff exclusively in the privacy of my apartment, such as peeing in sinks, attempting to use bottles (thus far, with immense disaster! haha ), and similar things. While these have been fun, none of them quite scratch that itch, ya know?

This afternoon/evening, I had one of my guy friends over, which was nice, but I was feeling suuuuper horny because I hadn't given any special attention "down there," nor had I indulged in any pee fantasies for longer than I generally like. In the name of not compromising our friendship (or at least avoiding the awkwardness), I couldn't exactly wet in front of him, so I initially resigned myself strictly to holding. Shortly before he arrived, I took a quick leak in the bathroom sink to hold me over for the afternoon . I rinsed down the pee, washed my hands, and downed a full glass of water...thus the wait began.

I answered the door, let him in, and offered him a drink. We both indulged. He drank a glass of tea. I drank a glass and a half of water. At that point, I didn't have any real urge to pee, but I was eager for it to start. After about 40 minutes of hanging out, it did. It was mild at first and I pushed it to the back of my mind. It didn't take long, however, for the modest trickle into my bladder to suddenly feel like a raging torrent, my kidneys working double time. Not 10 minutes had passed before I arrived at the point I would normally excuse myself to the restroom. I maintained my composure, resisting the urge to fidget, and smiling a little brighter because of my secret.

Another 5 minutes, and it was on the threshold of becoming urgent. I started squirming in in my seat, hoping my naturally-energetic disposition could hide the fact I was virtually dancing with desperation. As the seconds ticked by, I started getting more distracted from our conversation – and thankful we were at the kitchen table so I could discreetly hold myself...which I was doing with ever-increasing vigor. Simultaneously, however, I was beginning to grow almost frustrated. I strongly prefer to pee/wet in unconventional/exciting places, which often involves holding, but holding simply for the sake of holding doesn't do much for me.

Finally, I couldn't take it any longer. I knew if I didn't call it quits and make a mad dash to the toilet then, I would end up with that awkward encounter I was hoping to avoid. I wasn't quite sure how I was going to pull it off. It felt as if I'd bust open and gush warm fluid everywhere if I so much as moved a single finger from my lady bits, where they were firmly planted. Screw it! I thought, We can laugh off my desperation. Wetting will be a lot harder to explain. Just as I was about to leap up and announce how urgently I needed to relieve myself and make a crazy sprint to the facilities, hand very visibly and firmly thrust into the crotch of my yoga pants, he stood up and said, "Hey, I'll be right back." NO! I wanted to scream, knowing full well he was headed for the bathroom I so desperately needed. Instead, I managed a half-hearted smile and began cursing profusely in my mind, urgently scanning the room for other options. 

As he turned away from the table, I began bouncing up and down and quivering, shamelessly holding myself, praying he wouldn't notice. He didn't. As I heard his footsteps growing fainter as he traipsed down the hall, I considered my options. Going outside would very seriously risk detection from a neighbor. The sink was a possibility, but with how badly I needed to go and how thin my walls are, I feared he would be able to hear my torrent barraging the metal, not to mention, if he happened out before I finished, explaining why my naked butt was up there would've been quite a challenge. As I heard him gently close the bathroom door behind him, I bolted up for the only option I saw, speeding across the room, barely able to move my legs, with my hand practically inside of me in attempt to plug my urethra, in what was probably the most awkward run ever.

I removed my hand from my crotch long enough to rip my pants and panties down, scared to death I was going to leak all over the floor.

Miraculously, I didn't. I flipped around fast enough to make my head spin, and hunched over, nearly sitting with my butt wedged between the leaves of the large potted plant I keep in the kitchen. Of all the places I've peed in my apartment, this was a first for the plant. My dissatisfaction in simply holding quickly bloomed into immense excitement as the first shot of pee ruptured from my nether region, pattered against the leaves, and cascaded into the soil, quickly pooling violently. I shut my eyes and breathed a silent, but immense sigh as my bladder began to find relief. Shortly after, I heard his pee begin tinkling into the toilet in the other room, heightening the experience. I hovered there, my rear shrouded by the fern, pee spitting out fervently, chills and excitement sending tremors through my frame. I was urinating so heavily that the soil couldn't soak it in quickly enough and the tinkling of fluid became audible.

I quickly shifted my stance, successfully avoiding any spills. I grinned to myself ridiculously...until I heard him stop peeing. I felt like I was going to be there forever and I couldn't let him find me like this. I tried pushing harder, but I was already nearly going at full force. Then I heard the toilet flush. Then the sink turn on. I was getting pretty close, but I was afraid I wouldn't quite have enough time to finish, clean up, and – shoot. I began cursing under my breath as adrenaline shot through my body. I didn't bring anything to wipe with. The sink stopped and I was still trickling. I needed to think of something immediately.

I awkwardly bent over while I was peeing and managed to reach my phone in my pocket. I suspected I may have shot a little pee out of the pot, but I didn't have time to check. As I heard him open the door, I frantically tried to reach my messenger app. Hallelujah. My chat with him was already open. Trembling, I shot him a text that simply said, "No," the only thing that came to mind, probably because I was thinking no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... I finally shot off the last few spurts of pee as I heard his phone ping and his footsteps stop. I resigned myself to wet panties, yanked my clothes up, and patted myself dry through my clothes as I heard him say, "Why did you send me, 'No'?"

"What?" I said, my voice quivering. "Oh," A fake laugh, "I must've sent that to the wrong person." I quietly leapt to the sink and began washing my hands, sighing with relief that my long-shot plan worked. As he walked back into the room, I shot a quick glance back where I was just peeing. There was a visible wet spot in the dirt and some of the leaves were wet, but I didn't see any drops from when I thought I missed, and it wasn't particularly noticeable, overall. The only problem now was how badly I wanted to pleasure myself. I may or may not have played a little "down there" with my fingers once we resumed our places back at the table .

